She is top 1 fire dps real
She outdid my VKE with surtr even
Oh yea ik the sword is from PE dw Im not actually dumb
Dudu obviously existed in the PE and influenced them to create an elf in her likeness
Yet no kevin elf <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Wdym you're not pulling for SSS anyways?
Who needs HoFin just play flamescion in the trio team instead smh
do casual players deserve rights?
every patch?
at this point itll be another herrscher
no way 6.5 is a break patch
this is why fortnite is better
Should I post this in maincord?
Cupcakke is the S rank dps
Time to uncover this huh
Her ult is just ME HE HE
So otto is safe
New SP support actually knows how to bring up when Su dumped him
So griseo suit?
They gonna invent some new trauma
SP himeko
WHY ARE CATA AND CHERRI BLOCKED
Maybe I should just quit honkai now <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Oh god I have to pull in 6.3? Kms
😗
Ok so only HoFin is important got it
Fortnite is my new main game now sorry honkai
<:felissad:987316204286922784>
Yes do you wanna play fortnite
Sex
piss
The one piece is real?
i have no crystals after HoH I am gonna just uhh die ig
Bronya too busy kissing seele to do sales smh
Yass queen
I love that idea ngl
I might get a 2nd turg TB for MA, not sure if that or actually work on Dante for BKE
as they say, eat the rich
carv is the certified lore player here it’s ok
so probably around 6.4? Potentially 6.5 where it lands?
last cny was 5.5
I mean SSS BKE is also kinda fucked up lets be honest
6.0 and 6.1 both big spending events!
Time to suck cock for money
better start eating ramen every day
thats how you get bullied
🐍
Reputation era incoming
yass
just be in your bad bitch era
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Since you all are in your chuuni (flop) eras, is the immernachtreich almost upon us?
I love fischl
<:yippee:1002596802656223274>
see I’m gonna train you kids to be anarchocommunists and rid the world of capitalism
if murder bad, why effective?
<:yippee:1002596802656223274>
didnt know xiao was a cummunist
<:yippee:1002596802656223274>
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
actually yea eat the rich
<:suswokege:966623262912163850>
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
whales will drain their wallets but non whales will do another assassination attempt
I’m kinda curious how they’ll do 6.1 since it seems 6.0 has spending event but ik whales will be big mad if there isn’t anything to big gacha for during CN anni
kooching
Guys HoH is just bait
Shakespeare = mid. Taylor Swift writes better 🥱
L tbh
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
mid doesnt read mid
TP skin peak
Content is made to cripple everyone but HoH
Content was made to cripple HoV after release
This is opposite of HoV release
6.0 worst patch ever
<:Hmmge:1002519669569228831>
just fucking shill a ganyu skin and call it a day
let genshit do that and keep honkai a good game
Jokes on them i don’t have any disposable income
They really testing how much they can drain our wallets huh
yass
I saw someone clear HoD with Sudenjager lol
SSS bosses being that restrictive is bullshit
Well, abyss being those things makes sense
42k vibes
I have a skin for her even
oh god I need bastet huh
v1 is busty and busted
She is herrscher so pumping a little extra juice into her would be expected tbh
yay up to 13
No ignite = trash valk
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
Well I’d have full gear if I decided to pri starlance
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
VG meta again
I wish she did tbh
Trying to make sure HoF doesnt steal her qua fire weather bosses
lmao?
MA = only farming for VKE SSS
I might become Abyss only
Felis Summer>> Felis Spending TBH
usually it’s very early morning iirc
Great staying up till 12 am est anyways cause new Taylor Song
I mean HoF is almost a year old
She, SP, and VG would be mu only options so
Qua weather = FR
they better bring Eden back
spoke too soon!
At least its not Eden
this is so <#985721462147145798>
baban my fav now anyways
babes I dont wanna date them
probs keilo
you are my favorite in this server now
Elysia using her pink … power to save the day
They hate girlbosses
NOT MOBIUS
yass kalpas next valk
carv who is the new valk
Ohh ty ty
Except I wish it was bronya's e1. Got fucking BAILU
Tet why did we have like the same experience
I GOT HIM LIKE 10 PITY
<@781539392039682058> I'm no longer gonna kms
MY HUSBAND APOLOGIZED FOR BAILU'S BRATTINESS
If only I had sw for mono qua
At least....
Girl I've won 1 50/50 in this game, rng in hsr is bad for me
My only competent dps are qq and seele (because yantwink needs gepard and I didn't get him) so not getting argenti is bad
why a useless ass healer
Ohh I have e1 hanya but fucking BAILU
Sushang time
And I dont wanna use yantwink
My 2 decent dps are seele and qq so yea needed another dps
Im gay-
Also argenti's hotter so
I dont have 2 good teams so what she's gonna do? Support qq hyper?
Yea I think I've won 1 50/50 in hsr so far
Fucking brat
I would but Im in class
Im ready
I still dont know who I wanna roll for
ARGENTI TOMORROW
The 1 singular crit roll 😭
come kill me'
<@197871478950068224>
it rolled bad i-
I'm literally cuming rn
her ratio was like 75/73 but I got a decent crit dmg sub recently
Yeaa I just got back into this game so a lot of make-up farming
yay she's no longer 75/75
fr fr
<@781539392039682058>
So numby = childe gotcha
This theory would go crazy on youtube
Wish she could crush me
Me with kafka
Bronya got abducted
Its sad tho that my best dps are both qua
Qingque is so slayy
I pulled for huohuo cause natasha was my only healer
I cant even do the event because I dont have the story done
Evil tingyun 5* when
I finally got back into this game and was so shocked when she got himekod
She's just trying to stay canon duh
Damn himeko is high asf
finally got back into this game and got to the point where only using seele doesnt work sadge
I'm trying to decide who I wanna build as my 2nd dps now
Its ok kafka was to blame
Too homophobic
Now I only need Himeko, Welt, Bronie, and KAFKA
I knew I needed Bronya's gf
Ok slurr lvl 40 seele
Not wrong tbh
They need to take some of the HI3 server space and give it to hsr
Real
Star rail hates me now 😭
hsr>hi3 rn
Numbers!
idek what she does so slay
Slurrr I finally finished the beginner banner
Exploration with friends would be nice too
I mean it's not like you can do any actual gameplay with your friends from what I've seen so 🤷
At least my account older than yall 😭
I was too busy playing fortnite so I'm like lvl 11
I DIDNT KNOW IT WAS WORKIN OK
I just randomly logged in and saw it was good to go
I got a 4 digit code
no you fucking faggot
My hsr code is mothering so hard
EW GAY
I do rlly like Kafka's english va
mmm this neuvillette piece is pretty good I must say
making me feel better about myself
and I thought my 2k hours on dota 2 was bad
Real, gotta get that hsr and hi3 time in every night
carv’s had some weird jobs huh
Woahh I’m amab in the same way
Congratulations on freminet
But she is great yaa
Depends on the teams I wanna play
For itto
Maybe Navia?
Either knave or nahida
I lost 50/50 so Idk who I wanna go for
Oh if only I could get furina...
Cause shittier graphics
Mobile is faster imo ya
If she wants to buff she cant heal and drains hp so furina buffs kokomi even more
Furina is actually surprisingly not like kokomi
Yae got pretty decent with dendro and this new artifact set tbh
They knew they did inazuma dirty and improved
The story actually gets good in sumeru
I did the 4 hour story quest last night and lost sleep
My ass got dehya instead
I speedran Nahida Story quests for Neu daddy
Im glad I play on PC
Genshin about to be 1 tb
I got so tired of how fast you now fall behind in hi3
different story but both honestly rlly good
thats ab it
Genshin makes your hair fall out less
Trying to act like genshin and honkai arent 2 sides of the same coin...
well....
Drinking out of her Diva cup>>>>
Probably bought the 4 versions
But you get used to it
I remember I couldn't eat too well when I first got my braces in
I dont pay attention FOR GOOD REASON
GIRL-
No I totally understand
I know
Im at work rn
ITS SO GOOD
YESSS
SPEAK NOW TV IS OUUUTTTT
<@483689649727078400> You coded
see Im old and I have been 18+ for a while
Im so sad my id photo is slightly less slay than my last one
IM NOT GONNA APPLY I DONT HAE THE FREEE TIMEEE
YOU THINK IM ON DISCORD ENOUGH TO GET THAT??? LOL
Ok who trying to get everyone unbanned 😍
the more lana version is so amazinhg
I finally got a pc and its so slurrr
Slurr my first 5 star 😍
.... maybe I should play dota again sometime
mothering so hard
bc I SLAY
I wonder who has the oldest account here
Im also in
Wait is HSR playable now? it's giving me a kafka cutscene and everything rn
oh?
Idc about nicki minaj
Flop
Speaking of...
Top 2 on Ocean Blvd
I LOVE A&W
A&W tbh
She's so hot in this photo holy fuck
theres a lana song about this...
But it bad mental health wise to be a whore
Baban will survive
Bad idea
<@375625398542925825> how do you feel about ryan renolds
Wait I know the one true question
Yesn'tn't?
At ur school? Outside activities?
Make new friendsn
Only if you want sex and nothing else
(It's actually a extremely horrible practice 😅)
Self-isolate from everyone when something feels slightly off
Be like me
Maybe norman fucking rockwell?
Wait there's a lana song about this probably
Dont ignore the red flags
I didn't end up seeing him tho. Im a busy dude
I wanted to
There was a homophobe on campus
i only murder
NO MURDER
Will he a reject me a 2nd time?
I'm gonna ask him out again tho 😍
Why the side eye
The worst is getting rejected by your gay friend
Its funny that I'm still friends with most of mine and I told em I liked em before
Baban seriously tho are you okay?
Who do I need to murder
Who hurt you
I raised em right wow
I havent played dota in forever and it shows huh
thats a huge change wow
WHAT
british people are way too exaggerated*
Im gonna watch this later
I had a nightmare about being a faggot
slurrrrr
Ah
I haven't been paying attention much to this server so was something wrong?
It's definitely used more than this general. It was initially supposed to be for like meta and comp stuff iirc
My ass did not even chew
In my widowmaker era
Its camp
Omg the little snapchat avatar on snapchat for web is so cute with the little computer
Lana done, sleepy time
HUH
it's ok we're all stupid sometimes ❤️
oh
how old are you again?
Imagine doing a face reveal
glad we're in baroque now tbh
It was
it was over renaissance so not the easiest
ty ty
I GOT AN A- ON MY MUSIC HISTORY EXAM FUCK YA
She's a millennial they acting like she transphobic
Ikr
Yasss ally moment 

she hid em
they were hard to find this morning too LOL
Ya
I will be streaming
so sleepy sleep
LIKE 6.5 hours
ASTER NEW TAYLOR MUSIC
<@447218009749061632> <@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224> 
NEW TAYLOR MUSIC TONIGHT
dni if you're chronically online *is chronically online*
lana stans talk like you often
you should fr fr
you said you have bad taste so higher standards are needed
Do you listen to Lana Del Rey
And thats why you're stuck in this cycle fr
the first step is to value yourself
You guys need to get better taste
I kinda wanna buy concert tickets solely for the supporting act
She's not a munch she's a crunch
Ty ty I slayed as moira
I FINALLY WON A COMP GAME ON OW
And I still got more dmg than them while trying to focus mostly on healing 😭 needless to say we lost
they were playing zen mostly but still... use his orb or some shit
YEA
Mercy doing like no healing
<@197871478950068224> umm
💀
Coleslaw ig
Homophobia 😍
Da fortnite or da overwatch for tonight
Taco bell is playing chvrches on their radio. Thats slay
I dont have enough money for a pc rn
I played overwatch on Pc and my life is changed its so much better
I'm trying to catch up since the guy I like actually caught up while I was good because I had read pt 7 a while ago but he passed me
Im reading jojolion rn
yes
why is joubin kinda hot ngl
Maybe
Uhh
I figured if he likes taylor swift
Not the maga colors
My HoO so good 😍
Im not trying this abyss rn but ty
Probably not but oh well 😍
Wow I love HoF 😍
In class instead of doing work I am reading jojolion bc yea
Idk what gear to pull for now, I'm honestly so shocked that I even get HoFin ngl
Ty child
TRIO TEAM DREAM IS REAL!
Umm guys I did like 35 pulls and
But he's an Ana main so it makes up for it
Yea we sadly cant stream them on spotify
Baban your future step father is a good man
We fr gonna play lucio ana and slay together
I know I did
My future boy toy plays a lot of ana
I definitely simp for Ana fr fr
I dont think he's into gilfs
There's a gay pride flag pfp in overwatch
Even his overwatch pfp is the gay one
Gay homo gay gay
At least mine is confirmed gay
L then
He asked me to play even tho I am still not very good hehehe
Overwatch is helping too
I think I can do it
I am cute so I can do it
I am simply simping rn
Its not hard to fall in love with a close friend who cares for you a lot hehe
It shouldn't take too much
No
I think overwatch is working
I'm still trying to make this one twink love me fr
Real
slay queen
gotta love leading on your keyboard during class
I've gotten time finally to look at and digest the hair cut. Definitely a downgrade
Bad vibes usually say a lot
Ohh that's never fun
lana del rey is releasing a new single today which is so slay
lmao
I'm just too girlypop ig
idk cause I dont wear hats
damn y'all are ruthless
He is one of my closest friends rn so I know his height
tet I have class with him 4 days a week
he's like 5'10 probs
yea no my crush is definitely shorter than me
I am uh 6'4 lol
Most people are shorter than I so I can't really ever want someone taller than I
that is a big red flag
Just played overwatch with him
Understandable
good for the teacher for being gay friendly
LOl
it's cute tho
Ohh how
Ty ty I have been pavloving him
Pretty much wavy hair but STILL
cause he has some natural curl going on, like the very plain white ppl curl tho but he COULD make it look nice
just have him at least style his hair somewhat if he's gonna wear it short
Well I can convert him
and I think he's gotten more used to talking to me too cause he was out sick yesterday and texted me a good amount even though he isnt a texter
Very slay! My plan is working I think
yknow at least he's asking me to play overwatch with him now
Smh
so when I crush it crushes hard
It's hard for me to like multiple people
sadly I only like him rn
I told him long hair looked better LMAO
I'll be contacting Jiafei to take away the privilefags
Yea with that
RIGHT
He's gay
not a slay
It's
it's short now and he's wearing it like brushed up with his hands
It's the worst when your crush cuts his hair
Its so ethel cain core
WHAT
Huh
I was too busy playing overwatch
Ok ig
interesting message mhm
He was hacked probably
Sadly no
Gorgeous, So It Goes, Call it want you want, I think he knows perhaps?
Uhhh
Like in a sex way?
Also ping me for it
For?
Im trying to get you a stepdad
we r divorced smh
lemme get a bf baban sorry I broke up with Rebooting
YEA WE FINALLY PLAYED OVERWATCH TOGETHER
I didnt start it
Too busy playing fortnite and overwatch with the man I'm trying to seduce
I only do abyss an hour beforehand
REAL
Ngl I am kinda quitting Honkai rn
like I hate meta defining units each patch
RIGHT
a rank dps but she's not even as good as her S rank of the same type, just usable for budget teams plz
thank you bby
can you do that for me xx
I just wrote almost 700 words for a discussion post LMAO
Thanks for letting me know info I know
Lonely night Tarot readings be interesting
I need to actually play again
real
<@197871478950068224> omg they added mercy in fortnite
I just forget to log onto honkai ever tbh
Then go find activities to join at a college but don't actually enroll in one maybe?
Idk college ig because there's so many gays here
Maybe it's too small of a place and you need wait until you're able to go elsewhere
Not do that bc you gotta make him your chew toy!
Ur fine dww
.
America. Thats probs why
I'm more shocked when I meet straight people IRL at this point
Omg I love evermore by Radiohead!
idek why the lime lips became popular again
give her the lime lips
I am not spending money on that
I meant that as he was being cute to me
uh
my crush told me thanks for playing smash bros with me like ok you wanna fuck now?
she is just camp
Raven, Eden, and Pardo is gonna be my trio team at this point
blues is pretty emo imo
PLZ
Yes 💖
Real
Omg kill la kill live action preview 😍
I got locked out of arena lite because I didnt clear last week l o l
Cotcc vibes for sure
😗
Guess who cant do abyss again
Im gonna ignore it
Oh there's an event?
how the f do you do that
except us
like can you just not?
you're being too loud
I cant be picky
Most people are lower than me in height soo
baban stop trying to cancel me you dont even know my twitter
The youngest I went was 2 years younger than I
I'm not like Heki I like men my age and above
no sorry the guy I'm chasing after is less than a year older than me
my yt is like... some dilf reacting to Taylor Swift and Lana Del Rey
sorry I play games for kids, not games with kids
You get your discord server raided? Lets punish you and not the raiders!
uh basically the metal atoms don't keep their outer electrons often so the metal structure is a bunch of positively charged atoms together and the electrons flow easily. So it makes it easy for electricity to flow
Depends on what ya need its been a while since Ive done physics
Um
Hes so cute
Man I am down bad because I'm trying to learn overwatch for a man
Oh then have fun xx
Who are you gonna romance up?
Ohhh have fun
Facts
I almost said invitation threat
we should make an invitation thread
Flops Join Me So I can get some rewards!【RSBDAHMD2N】
real
Oohhh congrats
get to see our weird behvaior!
slay I love that for you
probably! I don't think I have anyone blocked because I try not to have drama
He just has me blocked
Dang carv didnt see all that chat smh
I like oboe and can play it fine with a non-cracked reed
that is true but I dont wanna spend $16 again for a reed
AND IM PLAYING OBOE TOO BUT MY REED IS CRACKED ALREADY SO I GOTTA BUY ANOTHER ONE
literally I will play a G and it's like 30 cents flat
I am a brass player ya
yea its like theory 4
and I SUCK at the bassoon
I got analysis still
I'm done with my aural skill classes
jk
GET GOOD
Maybe it is my Horn background because goddamn that instrument is shooting in the dark when it comes to pitches
I was quite good at sight singing, at least what I had to do
I know what Eli is talking about
I cant wait for contemporary music and listening to just noise
Just think the simpsons
I dont mind sight singing and dictation but I hate HISTORY
Yass lets sing kyrie eleison
ohhh F and B so scary!
me when tritones
yass hildegard so slay
music was created in 2012 when Carly Rae Jepsen released her hit single Call Me Maybe
See I don't need music history
We havent gotten that far yet but I think it may be right around renaissance?
I hate it
yes music history
FUCK MEDIEVAL MUSIC I DONT CARE ABOUT HILDEGARD (she was a girlboss though)
FUCK MEDIEVAL MUSIC!
WOW I HATE MEDIEVAL MUSIC
I would also record a fight at my concert
love that
Tarot says it's time to advance forwards!
mmm but what if I was already in one of the betas?
me when I have to get the word count up on my essay
Its cutee
LOL
Wow thanks
I forgot to do abyss
Family guy prop hunt best game ever
Im not real ig
THEYRE SO CUTE


Imagine posting cringe on your main snapchat story
i havent worked on it specifically in a while
its still work in progress for me
tayvoodoo love it
😭
Idk what level they are
Noo I wanna see if they get HoFin
<:woggers:1002597195645714582>
I see someone at my college playing honkai wtf
Sadge
Just realized the vespertine CD I got is a promo one and worth some money
I agree that we should just carry Itto around
The music carries genshin lets be honest
I wish I had a good enough PE for this boss
Not just love
Jk I often use it for advice and stuff too generally
Find out people's darkest secrets
My new tarot technique is asking for a card associated with the person the reading is about. Great for clarification purposes
I asked for them to pull a card that is associated to the sign of the person I should be with. It pulled Ken's sign LOL
Thanks! I got tarot for advice but I do appreciate your support
I was talking about tarot and love
Totally understandable. Your friends already be putting you through too much 💀
He said he could only see us as best friends but like also the way he came out to me was weird and also there just has to be something. Literally all my friends were like yea duh he likes you when I was asking them if I should ask him out
Also this is just a disgrace
Just I think when I kinda said I liked him before he just wasn't ready
So I think there is definitely something there
Istg he and I always end up getting connected though somehow. And he's gay so it's definitely not out of the question
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Im hoping to soon get a boyfriend
Things are complicated for me right now but I'll figure it out friendship wise
Its hard as I sometimes have trouble telling how people truly feel about me since I over analyze negatively
I... honestly dont know if I consider anyone a close friend currently
I have a friend like that it is exhausting
Anyways this is the guy who has been the one according to tarot since AUGUST! At least he's gay so 🤷
Broke up with his ass
I accidentally dated a conservative man cause he was not up front
That sucks
UHH
A TRANSPHOBIC MAN? Hell nah
Your friends have poor taste
<:huh:966619839307321394>
I'm sure if you want something you can find it. It may be unorthodox though for you which is better than a normal relationship
Communication most likely. Its way too hard
A lyric that's been helping be able to wait is These hands had to let it go free and this love came back to me. You really can't force things into existence but love will find you if you put yourself out there. I'm sure there are compatible people for you
Honestly since star signs are too generalized its not perfect for sure. But I think you can make something work. Just hard to find that I know
Its the same person it's been saying since august though so Idk yet how to proceed because I just want to make things happen now and it tells me to wait for him
But thanks!
Actually virgo and gemini are quite compatible!
When I asked who I should be with it gave me a virgo so 💀
So basically when wanting to know who a reading is about, I ask the deck to give me a card associated with their sun sign
Ok so I have a good new tarot technique I figured out
She teaches chinese on tiktok
you might need some sleep
i think i have Monet T
omg and you have SK's stigs
at least my MPE had been improving but still
man the new boss makes my PE feel like she hits with paper
I mean with HRT....
Aoi in his (her) egg era?
my meow meow is purring
That is so lana core
Guess who finally got full willows
Anyways 😍
L
just use VG
😗
I forgot to do ER this week
my bronya pulls, other Than SoE, have usually been lucky
didnt go to box
I have TB for HoTr and thats it
Banger fire team just dropped
I am simply bothered
This is so ungemini of me
I WISH
You ever just wanna be simply unbothered by someone but you hold way too much resentment towards them?
daddy marisa
And the last card I pulled was about manifestation, new cycles, and abundance. TAYVOODOO HAS BEEN WORKING IT SEEMS?
Especially the fact that I'm supposed to be happy with my past and reflect on it with happiness but not linger in it?
Man tarot was interesting tonight 🤔
xiaoven shippers bout to go crazy
I uhh spent maybe 30 some pulls (maybe up to 40?) so ya
Not bad somehow
L
I mean gynecologist
She looks so urethral 🥺
at least its better than normal? Small steps
I'm happy with my results, 2/4 but no weap sadge
I always knew tet was destined to be a discord mod
I am just being sarcastic don't worry. I am happy for you for being lucky!!
could've been luckier
since HoTr is sadly the priority I did have to pull her but luckily bronya loves me so I'll love her too
im not an artist but imo good start and anatomy work will polish it
This is what I had before maintenance too 😭
I told y'all I would get HoTr
I can for a bit but not too late
AAA game
I cant believe I'm guaranteed HoTr
That's surprising with overwatch
Idfk a
(I cannot get HoFin Im too broke and probably wont get HoTr)
Skill issue
No
If there's anything I do it's keep it real
Cellophane goes hard though
I could not get super into her, enjoy her sometimes but see why people love her
I love the song bounce
It's photoshop heki
Absolutely. I need to listen to them more but I haven't playlisted them yet
Muna, Magdalena Bay, Rosalia, and Kali Uchis I'd also love to see live
WAIT CHARLI XCX IS THERE?
Like Alex G, boygenius
SO MUCH SAD MUSIC TOO
She's like Yoko Ono but knows what she's doing
Make it bird noises and you'd be correct
Wow
And frank ocean
Bjork and Weyes blood? Yes please
I would KILL to go to sunday
LMAO
<@197871478950068224> <@447218009749061632>
Thoughts?
that would be expensive
no, that would be called a flute still
GUYS I HAVE A BASSOON
tf
Slay!
So urethral 🤭🥰
i knew it wasn't fortnite so it's easy to troll
LOL
Im not gonna Im saving up for the Ariana skin
I'm gonna buy her with my vbucks yass. Get those dubs real
omg new fortnite skin?
Dont have one
Makima is just a girlboss fr
Real
Bridge slay
well most 16 year olds at least hit puberty but looks like she didnt
She looks 13 max
<:huh:966619839307321394> <:worryweird:987958026071834634>
What the actual fuck
who is bocchi
He better watch out cause he works with Millie 😨
Oh damn
Dw I also have a few servers I'd have to cover up
I just won a game a fortnite with 0 kills but I was crucial to my squad's success 😭
I'll miss him simping for me
Fair
OVER A DESIGN?
Oof
Did something happen with taihen?
I am not horny fr
HOW AM I IN THAT?
stop being horny
im on fortnite rn cant play
mid
YEA
i am
this you?
Reference the first one I gave ya
psychos fr
please remove the horny from you guys
Omg Heki are you going on a date with Baban?
The only religion I need is Taylor Swift
Religion influencing politics is horrid in any country
Republicans when separation of church and state 😨
I personally kicked god out of schools
Man I just played fortnite like it was a job
Yes
IVE BEEN PLAYING FORNITE FOR LIKE 8 HOURS
Me when lana dal rey
IDK
Cant wait for 2023 bc 2022 ended bad af
Happy new year from me
Slay!
No one is coming to my NYE party <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
90gazillion SSSSSS Otto
Yass got me such a high score
Who did it better?
Is this the trio team everyone's been talking about?
Smh not heki ignoring me in honkai help
I dont have enough free time for that but I would love to
I deadass just randomly decided to play with friends one day and holy fuck did I jump in hard
Deadass been playing a fuck ton of fortnite
So many victory royals tonight fr
Tasteful one too
ugh Im at least getting better at fortnite LOL
I am playing fortnite
lots of ppl hmu but I dont hook up too much
NOOO
playing ranked grindr so fun
Just be hot in your pfp ig
Idk
barbs...
im popular on grindr but yea
No one on grindr wants romance pretty much
Men are ugly
See no neighborhood
😭
House number, street, then city
House number and street usually does make it clear
Is it all 1 street name?
It's a shame
No why would you have an NA acc
Why
oof
Im playing fortnite again
Maybe when I care enough 😭
Shes missing so much att <:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
RL
Mm not bad
When did Rita become chinese?
Them so far but most people havent done it including me <:KekPat:966625000339668993>
Yea... rip them
Like 600 like I said
The team in the screenshot isn't mine, that is someone in my bracket <:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
I have full gear and I do use griseo <:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
THIS ISNT MEE
apparently not 🤷 they did only get like 600 though
Skin but no gear <:KekPat:966625000339668993>
gey is bad
Ugh I want these so bad
💀
Its not nice to call people a whale heki
Will nini adopt me?
Omg new eden suit when
LOL
hi i had my dog hit my laptop
Christmas is dead time for new pfp
And the roads aren't good here in terms of ice n stuff
Smh I need a partner so we can do fun gifts
Ya
I got an $100 bill, an ornament and some bath and body works stuff
And Im adult so presents are... non existent
Also Im very much not christian
Yea it is
Tired of christmas music
I work retail yes
Thank god Christmas is almost done
I got an hour left and thank god
Nitro mid
My brother likes astronaut in the ocean <:huh:966619839307321394>
<:Balls:1003273279265570866>
I will
<:worryweird:987958026071834634>
We're playing office themed what do you meme plz send help
7/13 huh
When will I get the rare 7/11 pronouns
She is our cummunist queen
Trisha paytas?
Hot glue on a penis?
Me too like queen slay!
Bronycon <:huh:966619839307321394>
He is a burden to society
I thought he was a lolicon
Here's my most recent pic of myself
Yea I've been growing it out
I have mine set to not right away but I still get em
People do anyways
No swiping just a grid
You can just message whoever and profiles show distance based
I'm too pretty to get murdered
I'm non-binary
Fear me
I do actually have my pfp as myself on grindr yes
Slaying
Oh hmm
NO HOW ARE YOU ENJOYING THE APP?
How are you enjoying it?
~~almost like spoilerchat is already~~
Thatd be the main chat if we did
RIGHT
Swiftie/music channel when
This can become a swiftie server
Are we turning into a dragonvsle server?
I should use cola by lana tho
I dont have one
Well the first step to resolving the issue is figuring out the cause
What do you need help with
Its pure camp
This is gonna be my pfp today
Its an aesthetic
I love the little ribbons on your tits
<@197871478950068224> this u?
Normal people
Like genuinely they're all amazing
Can we talk about how fucking stacked grey albums are?
why are some colors so hard to find good albums for
ty baban im doing this for a tiktok
Weird question but would you guys consider this album as red or blue as the main color
But imagine how bad the climate is gonna be in 2030
So that means you'd like girls your age finally?
Anyone who was born after Taylor Swift debut should have 0 rights tbh
I was never this bad of a kid so 🤷
The entitled kids come from entitled parents
Its ok aster, it only gets worse as you get older
I have a few inches of snow herr
I am plauing forgnith
Bffr at least try harder and maybe... change the name?
just ghost them!
That was his goal for like the first 5 episodes or some shit LOL
Why are boys
Is it because youre inbred?
Also people think denji is bi?? Like love him but goddamn is he straight as shit
I am anime only currently
Tell them to open up or youll piss on the floor
Oh yea dogs pee a lot
Do people ship aki and the angel devil?
I have started getting csm tiktoks on my fyp
You're too old for ruby to enjoy it
pee in their mouths
go piss girl
its a chain dine in restaurant
Baban?
Huh
smh fenri
wait why do these 5below headphones kinda eat
for real
ONE PERSON LITERALLY WAS IN AFTER THEY CRASHED THEIR CAR
We have a winter storm warning... hmm I should go get some old navy clothes
Navy
People deadass came out in the snowstorm to go to old nacy
Gotta sell those clothes
Anyways I work at 8 am on fucking january 1st 😭
Kevin... is....
Um
Very straight for sure
I get that
Just be a poly couple
Was it because people were talking about sex?
Luna aren't you a little too young for that stuff?
Open jars
Multi purpose men ig
Good
So you aren't related to heki
I'm straight and I hate taylor swift ❌
Taylor new what she was doing when she released you need to calm down
Wtf
I thought tet was nahida
Omg babylon just like that one lady gaga song
You hit balls with a bat and catch balls... sounds gay as fuck
Are there non-gay sports?
love mockery
Ima slay the gays
Metrosexual
Ok
Listen to taylor swift to become gayer
Please never speak those words again
Wait is epi straight?
Idk ask rebooting hes into weird shit
Gay Christmas tree
My mom got my a rainbow christmas tree
Slay
Omg we're 2 days apart
Yes
Oh (i hate everyone born in june)
Cherry are you may or june gemini
~^,}€
Air*
Yass love aud
Im a gemini
Anyways baban what mug will you give me for my birthday?
Uh
Ah
So I can judge them on sleep habits
anyways nini and gresham at least same timezone as me
WHAT
Ahh I see
There is actually a town in alaska called north pole
North pole?
Omg doxxing
The gun devil
Like hehe got your families eyes!
THAT WAS SUCH A SERVE
Live action makima
They both kill men and are girlbosses
I love makima sorry not sorry
Me calling millie up
Is that a spoiler?
Girlbossing it up
Me when I'm Makima
Now THATS what taylor would do
So I'll plan out the small things and make it look like an accident
The cards said NOT to fuck it, we ball though
uhhh.... fuck it we ball?
But I asked my tarot why I cant find love and where to start and it seemed really like my situation with him and I asked if it was and it said yes with complications
Idk I think it'll work well
Yea...
its that one dude who starts with a K and she thinks I should find a top tier partner and he is not top tier
LOL my friend does not like who my tarot reading says I'll end up with
MAKIMA GIRLBOSS
Oof
Also my fischl isnt sss
My aponia has a lvl 40 weapon and using handel. My actual run is HoT
Not bad for how mid my midponia is
Me when colonization
<:woggers:1002597195645714582>
Still using it to make a man fall in love with me
FORTNITE
Also fucking
But yea
Where's keilo to talk about csm LOL
We also watched chainsaw man which is so slay
They shouldn't have come so confident smh. Am I good? No. But I'm not bad either
LOL
Baban shush
Its so funny that the person I had over came in with such confidence with smash bros and I ate them up!
Me when I died dead
How tf is she gonna write one? She dead
I have someone coming over today yay
I think there's a taylor song for that...
I'd do something like that ngl
3 nights in a row
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
I hate that I cant fall asleep
gaming sure
why tf am I playing rotmg again
And none of them are good changes
Twitter fucking dead
Its been a while since heki was muted huh
ME! Also helps clean out your ears by making them bleed
ME! ft Brendon Urie
What do you need
These bitches my sons
FIRST TRY LETS GOOO
I did vote yes
why was making a top 10 of the decade so hard? like my mind BLANKED after bc,nr
Im in RL
How tf they get a 560?
He died sorry
And emotions are hard! That's why I usually end up channeling them through music others create
Love is something you'll experience later in life and honestly is one of the greatest mysteries and why there is so much media surrounding it honestly
I just cant sleep rn 🤷🤷
No you're fine!
To me... the two songs that really represent how my love feels are Labyrinth by Taylor and All I Want by Joni Mitchell
Love is a feeling that brings so much joy but for me tinges of anxiety
The two times I've fell in love were both were interesting... very interesting
Love? That depends on the person
But now it's just another show, you leave em laughing when you go.
Ohh here's a fun lyric about love you may like!
I didn't have my first actual kiss till months after I turned 18
Love is.... yeah
Yeah she definitely has gotten an older point of view, I'd say honestly starting at speak now you kind dont understand until you're out of high school
Like I finally got the Album Hejira on vinyl and the song Hejira is so good! But I'm not at a point in my life to fully soak that in yknow
Like there's songs that dont quite click for me yet still
Although there are definitely some songs that hit different with age and this one probably will
Soft and melancholic is always some of my favorite song writing
Is the song enjoyable?
Its ok!
I think it's cause Im on mobile itssnok
😗
FUCK U FOR TURNING INTO AN EMOJI I WANT AN EMOTE KYS DISCORDDDDD
Ohhh that's good 🙂
Absolutely gorgeous
A Lot's Gonna Change by Weyes Blood
Wanna know a song I've been loving recently?
But like leave the reccs to me (I will force you to become a swiftie)
Some stuff was fine
Yea ik 💀
Ok here is an actual screenshot
Not taylor so unimportant
This dude who I'm in a server with of people I (mostly) know irl has been spamming the music recommendations with the past 10 minutes with some of the most mid shit ever
Because animals have shorter life spans
I got out of work early
Who said eden couldn't be an ice dps <:Cock:1003648150638174280>
wtf
ima send the swifties after ya
maybe search up through the company
mmm i love microplastics
are those piss stains?
is that the most pressing issue you have?
heki wtf is up
smh who needs proper knowledge when you can just be homophobic
Its called I bet you think about me
I think taylor swift has a song about this
Did tayvoodoo not work for you heki?
I love her collabs with Charli XCX
CUPCAKKE?
me when someone doesnt like Taylor Swift
Guys I leave such caring and thoughtful messages
I dont wanna kill anyone here smh
Good
L for me or him
🤭
Me
Wanna know who's hot?
Its gay
I bought a björk vinyl today 🥰
Wanna hear something gay?
Jk jk
ONLY for rebooting
I shouldve been tbh
Slay!
I think fingers and toes I can
Meh at least I cant count my body count with both hands
I'm pretty high ranked in competitive sex <:Balls:1003273279265570866>
Cute tho
You should've just pinged everyone LOL
I wanna just skip all the text NGL
Ok
7 obv
The hardest part about genshin is not closing it out of boredom
If you wanna
Genshin is so easy that it doesnt matter who you use 🤷
I actually dont care if you have a team with no synergy I just like to poke fun at it
Omg doing 2k dps?
Hyperbloom team with anemo exclusive buffer
No synergy ahh team
Kys
Albedo hairrr
Hard to see cause my hair is so dark
Time to do albedo hair
I should do albedo hair
Inside out
Make a hatsune miku add
Sure
Gave me fucking chills
This week is definitely you are in love
Uhmmm by doing what Ive never done a newspaper
Rn the strongest tayvoodoo song is You Are In Love
Yes
Thats a good idea
First buy a deck
Not using it for my tayvoodoo tho
Top-tier taylor song for sure!!
And the rust on your door
😗
They said he was the one in august so I asked him out and he rejected me but it may have been timing if they're persistent
I just wanna see if tayvoodoo is gonna work cause tarot cards say he's the one somehow
The fat retired assassin yea
Yea my friend (who I may or may not be trying to enact tayvoodoo on rn) recommended it to me so Im giving it a read
I've also been reading sakamoto days recently
Ohhh more girlboss moments! Love that for her
Many people did she slay
She did slay tho!
I am not in that fandom soo like idk
Oh where she rubs her hands together or what?
Makima was girlbossing hard tho tbh
Time to watch csm
Dicks
I am not ruining anyone's marriage, i am simply trying to make a gay man fall in love with me
Working my tayvoodoo magic 🤭
Espcially romatic period pieces omfg
Classical music goes hard idc
but can you shake ass to it?
you are right
so that means you HAVEN'T shaken ass too Vivaldi's violin concerto in A Minor?
i thought vivaldi was a composer
mmm
I had a full body experience listening to You Are In Love
I'm gonna have fun
She has been freed from mailbox purgatory
New study technique: listen to bjork cupcakke remixes in Vc
I think it means I went too fast in the past with him
Its interesting
I did the sparknotes of the cards meanings
Basically I asked why I have so much trouble finding a relationship
its tarot ur fine!
<@447218009749061632> does this make sense?
then I asked if it was about kendrick since it seemed to fit the bill and it said yes and that there is some difficulties that lie ahead
basically me being out of the norm and my fear of the past is holding me back from finding love. If I let go of the past and dont be too ambitious I have new adventures awaiting for me once I shift my perspective
I did a reading on why I couldn't find love and it said bad timing and shit so I asked if it was about him and it said
Its worked in the past and my tarot  said that he eventually will like me
trying to make a man fall in love with me pt. 712812875
Her tits look like balloons deadass
Oop
Guys I got a vinyl today but they put the key of the big mail box in the wrong smaller one so no vinyl for me tonight 😭
dps ae
+10 att tho....,
Hmm maybe I should buy bp again
Hmm ok
there's a difference between saying you hate cancer men and saying you hate hispanic men
how? idk
LMAO yea it is apparently
where tf do you find these things
it can help start tho at least
it isnt gonna make a 10 go for a 4
tayvoodoo isnt all powerful heki
The only thing I'll body shame is scaramouche
I like sleeping on fat its v comfy
Wait didnt you say he was white? Red flag
red flag he does not listen to taylor swift
THAT REMINDED ME OF A SONG LYRIC HOLD ONNN
I'm sure I can find some
Karma is my boyfriend!
There's a lot of different methods
That's another ritual to do then. It's a simple one
Heki do you know how to manifest?
The lucky one
She owns the masters to Taylor's Version
Self confidence and like inner attractiveness to others
No. If you use the stolen versions that have Taylor's Version available it's not gonna work
Basically taylor has like massive karmic influence somehow so trying to positively help her will get us a slice of her positive karma
What the song Karma is about
My tayvoodoo playlist (its just all taylor songs)
Top
Me trying to get the tayvoodoo to have the love come back to heki
No bejewled is my JAM
LOL WHY IS CARDIGAN NOT THE FOLKLORE ONE
Building up tayvoodoo
Taylor loves Christmas sorry
She doesn't have any songs like that no
Christmas songs?
Wdym by that
Checks out
Always the xiao fans
Fucking vile, even if it's satire
I just saw someone draw lisa in fucking blackface on tiktok <:huh:966619839307321394>
Honestly probably no
So funny when a Cardi B stan says that Taylor makes shit music... like babes open your ears
Yes
So mid even mihoyo forgot about it
Homophobia
She cannot hear your cries for help
She's coming to haunt you tet
You cant reclaim the r*d slur
Bio type fire DPS Taylor Swift, battlesuit is Midnights Outsold
She lies sometimes its ok
Carv HATES gay trans boys smh
Asuka is brocken dude! She's coming in 6.9
Stargasm is lightning now smh
One sec
Its a tiktok trend fenri
Very few visual artist care if the playing is accurate smh
They always fuck up music shit
Mmmm yea 🤭
Tayvoodoooooo
Ok so stream Better Than Revenge, Karma (ofc), Cardigan, Betty, this love, and If This Was A Movie
Uhhh hold on lemme compile some songs for you to stream
WHat
Sing right where you left me ig
What are you singing for?
Shake It Off
This is a bad ss but with ult this is my new ganyu record
Ayo?
Gotta love ittt
and of course its such a good ballad
RIGHT RIGHT the writing is just MWAH
Thoughts on dykttatuob??
Not too populated tho
Woah you guys have similar names
ITS TRUEEEE hah
but poor taste if they dont like me
I got rejected by a gay guy
Even then homos dont always like you 🤷
I was gonna help him get the man
heki is he at least homo or bi?
Oh hmm
LMAO uh tayvoodoo in your favor?
So far the new SZA album has been quite good
but now I got more options
yea I can already run that team
probably better than your team at least
GUESS WHO FINALLY CAN RUN MORGANA
bffr
uhhh stream you need to calm down? It'd take more than just tayvoodoo to cure someone of heterosexuality sadly
You wanna make your DAD GAY?

who wanna come watch the Taylor Swift movie with me
Heki how's that tayvoodoo treating you?
hmm
do I have kuki?
I'm barely on genshin and my only dendro is traveler and collei sooo L for me
I love that kuki found a niche with dendro
Idk why but I've been so chaotic recently
yes I am joking
Mona is required in all of them 🤷
Now genshin fans gotta learn how to use tayvoodoo
Genshin fans are annoying but like bffr
guys I made a topster
aichan = hrt
Herrscher of Repair Team
girlie I am not spending money I am BROKE broke rn so ai chan is getting SKIPPEd Im just happy my BKE is finally s2
INGOT S2 BKE <@171082989046988800>
I hope this new record has a Taylor feature. Or another weyes blood feature that isn't a cover worse than the OG
Just listen to snow on the beach ig <:wow:1012493633968160880>
Ty I probably will not remember that
Where tf is lumi when you need em
L
She slays too hard for your ears sorry aster
Mmm that's fair it's quite a minimalist song tbh
Start today!
How do you feel about Lana del rey's new single?
Ok what is everyone's opinion on Lana's new song?
he's pretty nice ig lol
Ok but it's probably one of his good songs not fucking coconut
ok so 22, We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together, I Forgot That You Existed, and closure are all p good
uh fuck your ex I'll find some good fuck you ex taylor songs
taste
don't blame me goes hard tbh
I've only used it on 2 people
LMAOO I didnt place any tayvoodoo on you heki so
He is feeling that Tayvoodoo hard rn
and that kanye goes to hell
Already bought them
Too expensive
OMG
Guys vke is meta again
L
I did really early for next year
I DID WISH HIM A HAPPY BIRTHDAY
Depression and Anxiety can lead to memory loss
HELLO
omfg
OOH did I
its still 12/5 for me
<@468680026162724864> hbd kid
Slay teacher
idk if i wished fenri a happy birthday yet oops
go do braces shit idk
You're calling any of us smart?
Yay I got a cd player I can hookup to the audio setup that I use for record player!
smartest scaramouche fan
smh
idk I havent done the new chapter
baban I thought you were the honkai expert
this is just the taixuan arc right
like dont be greasy or frizzy then BOOm woman (jk)
growing out your hair is a good way to achieve that, make sure to also keep it well groomed
then just dont look like a man, easy
low ponytails slay
genshin in smash when
no more competitive
guys 6.4 is canceled, 6.5 is new CN patch
me when I crashed my car earlier this year
I mean I post my grindr shit in horny jail but I aint horny from it
aster is here so no more bad stuff
you dont wanna know
Um
Wtf is going on
Um
Giving scara ubp
<@447218009749061632> i found a new amazing twitter account
Men should be silenced tbh
Am at work so cant watch
omg thats so inclusive
Is it?
I am singing taylor swift tho
no on honkai still
Sure
I cant do that no
A swiftie
Agreed
Kanye's fame and fans after he outs himself as a nazi
Time to dox
Dont talk to your exes unless you ended it good
Omg heki hates me
Happiness and coney island are my fav taylor songs
Hoax is good tho. Love piano ballads
Rhyming ooohohooh with summer>>>>
Start with any of these taylor songs ig 🤷 pop bangers
Taylor made graduation!
Purr will do
If I know what music you like I can give good song recommendations
Here's the quick way
LOL
Yall manifested me to make shudan a swiftie?
You called?
Ganyu>>> thoma fr
I love bennett
exist
Just finished my last concert of the year
its an alter ego Im not like this at all
RAAA
ONLY CHICKEN AND RICE EATING
NO OFF DAYS
smh heki you cant miss a LIFT DAT
Not my fav from the 70s tho 🤷
I like the rest of this album and this song is camp tbh
<@197871478950068224> have you listened to the song?? Its uhh... something
what tet
just shared it lol
Mmm gay
Oh did I ever share my spotify wrapped here?
yea duh
Yea thats a lot for a libero
Isnt it the short fuck
Like haikyu
I dont see a spotify wrapped thread smh
Ugh I just always go after the people I cant seem to actually pull huh
I shall see
she is hot I'll give em that
mmmm
as much as what himeno did is not right.... I'm also a misato fan so I cant totally hate her
literally he told me he hooked up with like 2 guys to make sure he was gay LOL
this mf is not horny at all soo
<@148145559897636865> thoughts on this?
will he fall in love with me now bc I watched chainsaw man?
keilo
Hmmmm
I'll take your word for it
girliepop idk what that means
good writing tho IMO
Im in for a trip
oh god
Seems intentional and a great shock value choice from the author IMO
Especially starting off with the disorientation then BOOM
NAH BUT THAT WAS SO FAST PACED
MMm apparently not good enough to kill a single person smh
still mad makima death was spoiled IN THIS SERVER SMH
Like damn
Ik I'm always a big exaggerator but cmonn
Im calling it a sword but that shit seems OP if you don't face off against someone extremely op as well
Oh man I got a lot to ask my friend tomorrow
How do (spoilers so ppl dont get spoiled like I did) how tf do you take out half the main cast in 1 episode fr 
Also that one chick is just medusa from soul eater fr
What happened
<@148145559897636865> um
🤷
Oop
AKI's SWORD??
I just wish it wasn't spoiled for me ngl
<:Griseostare:976641888998293584>
OH? THE TRAIN??
I will lyk when I get to it
Man ep 7 of csm was good
Probably will go away after winter I hope
I mean he's my good friend so I'll watch it anyways but like I'm mad I'm interested in him again
Mmmm thanks its not gonna work out but mehh
I gotta try to make this dude more interested in me bc his type is masculine ppl typically
Smh I'm working on it rn
Idk what weyes blood can do but she slays ig
Ikr? She's powerful
She can make his tv and balls explode
Bjorkvoodoo
Nah doesnt work like that
Guys I'm losing my tayvoodoo
HOLD ON TAYLOR IS DOWN TO #3 WTF
I'm watching csm to get a guy to fall inlove with me
I need to catch up on csm
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Ok thats enough for me gn
Still a redflag
Thats a red flag
I always disliked his character and then his fanbase.. yikes
Jk but I will stay consistent ab hating him fr
I've been a day 1 scara hater tbh so I'll stay considerate 🤷
Uap unidentified arm pain
Ikrr rip
Welp this is all I can get <:deadge:975652771082698782>
Im talkin about honkai actually
Ima die I havent even like done any of the events
Oh fuck isnt new patch soon
Omg fenri bday! Happy bday you minor
LMAO
I'm a few behind tho
I need to actually catch up huh....
I havent seen htr gameplay yet but she could def end up like HoS
Partial slay
Maybe if like you become too codependent on a partner but like... grindr swings often times horrid
men are gross esp on grindr
I agree tho
oops-
You're making generalizations from those whom seem to be just shitty friends
And what it's telling you is not truth, not nearly
Ah I see what you're brain is doing
It sounds like you still suffer a lot from that self-depreciation when happy even. If your friends are truly annoyed by you then they aren't really true friends
What makes you think that? Because most of the times the things we think of ourselves are way over exaggerated
You aren't a burden to them, they're a burden to you. You deserve friends who actually want to be with you
Wait hold on lemme give my motherly advice and read up on this situation
oh my
then do my homework idk
no xx
your genshin acc
Ah yes thats what you wanted for you 5th birthday, a present made for 1 year olds
I am your mother baban
Thats odd, they dont have any letters on them
You read carrots?
Then are you lyme disease ?
L
Baban do you know who?
<@468680026162724864> look at this shit fr
I wanna add stuff
Wait can i
The spirit of heki
Its bumble
This is truly how to open a conversation on a dating app
I just realized my winter playlist is pretty much sadness then some sex sprinkled in <:wow:1012493633968160880>
Anywasys
Amazing you should try it sometime
Purr
music* was invented in 2017 when chuu released heart attack
tasteless smh
our lord and savior chuu
how do you feel about chuu
yay
umm
Yes
Did you know depression and anxiety can lead to memory loss?
Jk I thought we mentioned it when I was talking ab joni not being on spotify??
I'm just psychic
If I had apple music I'd make a playlist of all my favs
Gnn I should also sleep
I really like movies, a lot's gonna change, its not just me it's everybody, hearts aglow, and some winters
Hmmm... the whole of her latest two albums are fantastic truly
Thats from titanic rising
Andromeda goes hard
Which song?
I'm trying to think of how to introduce to her cause wow
Its cause 3 are joni LOL
Did I ever say I hated folklore? It's a bit uninteresting melodically and harmonically but overall a masterpiece
Taylor does I don't 😗
I wont apologize, but there are def some other good songs on lover like afterglow and daylight
Thoughts??
Cruel Summer, death by a thousand cute, and false god carry lover sorry not sorry
If I wanna listen to that type of song paper rings just does it better
Is mid ya
Like cut iftye, the man, i think he knows, london boy, yntcd, and me! and lover would shoot up in my ranking
It has some high highs but the lowest of lows
I think rn I'm feeling 
1. Evermore
2. Folklore
3. 1989
4. MIDnights
5.reputation
6. Red
7. Speak Now
8. Fearless
9. Lover
10. Taylor Swift
I bought $5 pjs and thats it
Karaoke night when
I feel like it's a 3way tie between midnights, red, and reputation for 4th-6th
Red is either 5 or 6 for me ngl
<@197871478950068224>  <@447218009749061632> how do you guys like my bed
Anyway
Fuck that black friday shift sucked
Eli is a life saver <:BarbaraHeart:996112936055615488>
I would do that
I have S1 HoF lol
Remember when HoV had a niche?
I've done it before
use your swiftie powers to channel some tayvoodoo
is chuu
Sadly orbits aren't as mentally ill as swifties so they aren't gonna murder the ceo
Chuudoo
Chuu is gonna start the communist revolution
Chuu solo career?
😭
I SAW
🤭
Carv is gonna murder you guys
Might move over to Dota or Minecraft tbh
Honk is the only game I play rn
Ima quit both
Pv? Thats a hard task
Ae is fucking dead rn other than fire
Imagine not being good enough to retain rl
Kys
The lower one
Which what, university?
Baban come to michigan I can drive you, I'm your mother afterall
Evn: learns to not hate gays
Where tf would we go after this server?
Wrong
Taylor has a song about this
Slay!
Starchasm mid
Wanna know my fav gif?
Basically music was invented in 2012 when Carly Rae Jepsen released Call Me Maybe
Heki I kinda know my classical composers, I will more once I take music history 1 and 2
Yea... that is pretty toxic behavior to be honest. I wouldn't feel bad about it baban
Baban did you miss this
He doesn't wanna care for you but he cares when you no longer wanna care for him
At least he isn't going??
If it is just try to avoid if he shows up. If it isn't just mute him and pretend he don't exist fr
Irl then?
Hmmm... that will be awkward if he does show up too
Ic. Did he just get invited?
Is it the guy you were complaining ab earlier?
I wanna do a friendsgiving but never got invited to one
Good
Hmm I wonder why you haven't had a real relationship yet
I really love this league of legends  server and I'm glad you feel the same Keilo
My handel aponia should do fine
Right right
still mid BUT
slayponia
Ayy lets go
Goodbye heki
Hell LOL
Ikr
Ok belle delphine
I work at old navy so I know like all their recent products 😭
These pjs
Those are old navy pajamas
I've seen people genuinely think they're a couple 😭
Yea people who think Taylor is a lesbian
Do you know what gaylor means?
I dont ever want kids
I hate kids
Lunaxheki
I'm not attracted to gymbros they're just gross
Me too
Men admiring your physique
Being a gymbro is quite gay ngl
Men are temporary Taylor Swift Blanket is forever 💖
See I slay right now so I don't feel the need to be a normal weight range
As long as it's not this is me trying
He could play a more mentally disturbed song
Knit one
Luna just wear a taylor blanket as a dress
My stomach can show idc 🤷🤷
I'm actually omnipresent
Lol
I'm 6'4
<@447218009749061632> how do you like my fit
I'm non-binary so to balance out some of my masc stuff I act and dress more fem
Exactly!!!
Slay anyways ya
Cross dressing is like a sissy kink thing (hopefully the censor works im on mobile)
Its about whether you have more feminine or masculine traits LOL
Babes its not about crossdressing
Taihen you are a fem gay
You could at least leave me a list of clothes you want
You dont come shopping with me
Still better than yours at least
Grindr makes me hate myself and love myself tbh
Kys
Like nah I shop sometimes in womens but like not in a fetish way fuckers
Guys on grindr always ask if I cross dress
Anthropologist?
Okk
Rebooting is my fav fem top
Taibooting for life xx
New ship!
I was upfront about being leftist but he was not upfront ab his shit even when I asked
No like actually conservative
I've had a total of 2 bfs and one ended up being conservative
It doesnt get better in college
Baban lesbian arc
No thank you
I only have one quote smh
Out of context tho...
Al haitham or however its spelled, i was just making a joke
OH also
She gave him ubp cause he dissed her 🫣
Taylor gave heki ball pain
Tayvoodoo is real btw
We take a lot out of context sorry
Like this?
I dislike incompetent coworkers
What is it
This is my first day fully off in like a month I'll take it
They should make it gacha based
Just tell him to kys
Recently a lyric stuck in my head I sing too often is I hosted parties and starved my body like I'd be saved my a perfect kiss
I love some depressing ass lyrics
anyways I got a new match on bumble
its america thanks giving Ima be with my fam fr
omg late night karaoke with evan
anyways yes my tarot is being very interesting rn, I think I kinda got two very present cards? Like I need to choose my own path right now and make my own way and currently I'm too empty on my emotions
I'll shut up when your state doesnt get hurricanes
I was asked to send all my homophobic memes
sure
yea if I had my own music channel it'd just be me and lumi talking about shit
LOL its not like a serious thing I think its just for funzies smh
I think I should have 2 owned channels of a music and a tarot one smh
I should have my own tarot channel here smh
my next bday I turn 21....
ok sooo my reading is very interesting because this future feels very much like now
you're also gay and sad
the cards say you're gay and sad
i'm gonna kms my future is apparently gonna be heartbreak and a sense of emptiness
I can read heki without the cards
Im gonna do a self reading to see what I get
My tarot cards have made multiple people cry
Havent started I was snacking
Basically I can tell ya whats going on and give advice on it
Tarot cards
Baban do you need tarot
Its not looking good
If he's doing this stuff after you expressed your distaste for it
100% put effort into those who actually put energy back
Have you actively talked to him about it?
Are you comfortable sharing what he said?
I gotta do my skincare n shit so go ahead
What did he do?
Gymbro?
This is how I feel rn
Ur right
You expect too much from me
Baban mother is tired
You gotta work past full time to get overtime
I dont work full time
Eg
Guys I just home from work its 12:24 am
Mmmm
Such a cute dynamic tho!
Why
I PROMISE ITS GOOD
Good, go listen to the Album court and spark now xx
Camp!
Ms Queen joni mitchell 😩
<@197871478950068224> look at this
Ikrr!
Yass make the 80 year old woman play minecraft <:FelisPowah:987144732897603614>
Dream collab tbh
I mean I could at least see Dua knowing of Joni LOL
So slay xx
Checks out
I hope he dies
Varka is dead lol
Its a rabbid swiftie clawing at your window
I wanna fuck slendernan
Just a stray dog dw
Uhhh
Fr
Cause he is
Heki in her trans girl arc
If anyone knows what this means I will love them forever
Atwtmvtvftvsgavrlps
Kanye stans deserve hell
You need to calm down
Its like stanning loona
PURR
Babes Swift is a democrat 💀 ik we make jokes about her being homophobic but she made the gay anthem yntcd
Wrong lyric
There's this thing called Tayvoodoo which is basically anyone who trashes Taylor Swift has bad stuff happen to them
NAUR
Its tayvoodoo sorry heki
Maybe he'll like it
Taylor/Swift
SHE/THEY/ZE DIA
Diavoros is gonna have a melt down when he realizes he has pronouns too
Diavoros clearly does not stan loona Or Taylor so I think that's an issue
You can be gay without being part of the acronym gang kys
Dia is a marisa stan
Tayvoodoo is real heki
Then use that theme!! Xx
And maybe give an album a chance, she's quite good actually. Not saying you have to like her but like she has talent
Not hard
Then change the theme babes
(It doesn't work on me because no one texts me 🫣)
Heki its a theme because taylor is a master marketer so having something small like an insta theme makes people remember the album and wanna listen to it each time they open a dm
She's literally the only one that can beat her bosses. No other options at all
V2v is def a must pull
My HoR is looking a bit better
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
Heki dont ask
Yup I'm done I dont need to see anymore of myself
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
I used 🥺 unironically
Oh do I dare bring up those texts
2020 me deserved jail time tbh
I'm- 
That sounds so rough heki
But yea Ima see! I see him more often than not so its not hard to keep an eye on him
I definitely tho don't need to get thinking again that he likes me cause Ik how that ended up last time
I don't at least get bad vibes from it? Idk why
He doesn't necessarily always keep eye contact but I've never really noticed him glancing multiple times at me before soo hmm
Its just he and I are good friends and I think now it isn't at least anything suspicious?b
Idk I just at least dont think he was being shady so I shouldn't worry about it
Hmm... I'll have to keep this in mind
I'm just teasing if you play honkai you're not normal lol
I just am trying to fully understand him cause he's a bit weird. And sometimes he gives me he has a crush vibes? But that's usually me just overanalzying and wanting someone to like me
You may not be normal but hey this response is useful
just try to sleep before midnight
hmmm okayy
if you dont sleep soon taylor is gonna snatch you in your sleep
Shush we want the young ones to sleep properly
it will make you more dalao
get sleep aster
~~lol maybe he does actually like me now~~ jk but I wishhh
based aster!
It aint that cause we definitely friends, have been for like a year
I just noticed out of the corner of my eye he kept glancing at me tonight LOL
fair fair
you guys got social anxiety... he does too so it may help but I'm just always too curious about his behavior
... that's fair
I have a question for like everyone cause I wanna kinda see natural (which hardly applies to this server) human behavior. Do you guys glance at your friends and look away when they actually look at you back? cause I feel like I dont but one of my friends was doing that and I noticed it 👀
anyways
LOL yeaa
I actually like Harry Styles's music
do you wanna hear a confession
We are not siblings smh
She truly is
<@447218009749061632> this a old photo of your grandma colorized from back in the great war in 1918
No context
This is stan twitter so they probably dont know what cunny is
Wtf is this account 😭
Tet cunny arc
But it is a good screenshot at least
Was just fucking with ya dw
LOL
No wonder you have the cunny role smh
Smh he is minor coded
yes
Transgenderify everyone in the server
Eli pronounce arc
Don't let the bedbugs bite
Gn eli
Eli go get some dick or something idk
Food
Nah she dates men 1.5x her age
I love taylor and lana 💖
She slays even jiafei
At least taylor has an actual honorary doctorate
Dr taylor swift
With her bestie lana
Yea she slays the gays
You're banned then sorry
Oh wait I thought this was the marisa stan server my b
Dont we all hate gay people here?
Taylor is officially Baban's grandma actually
RIGHT
Mother
me and the bestie plotting how to murder all those who fucked us over
I eat children sometimes
for real
Tet homophobic arc?
Tet I like men sorry
Bffr
gay advice?
Slay ig
LMAO
Lol I did a random 10 pull for spending event and uhh
the way the glasses are very off too
yes I am!
guys I'm so good at composition
wrong
aster what is 9+10
i wanna hippocampus for christmas
did you know depression and anxiety can lead to severe memory loss?
man it was 2 days ago
wwld = what would lana do?
the whole story and truth really doesnt make it better either sadly
Sorry about that I'm sometimes a neglectful mother... get too into smoking my cigs
OH YEA YOU TURNED 16
fr like I had friends lie to me then hang out together without me literally last week and it's so slay. Even now I still cant decide if I wanna stay friends with one of em
bitch we twinnin
I read up and I definitely understand what you feel and went through an even more extreme case of that recently. You are valid in your anger and frustration and try to sort things out with yourself ! You deserve people who care about you
Taylor is now homophobic and transphobic?
tet is superstraight
at who
wrong
<@447218009749061632> are youy a bo or grill
ngl my mind thought that too for a while
kalpas but 15 and a twink
Why are the prettiest vinyl always expensive smh
Damn he sent a whole ass message wtf
Lol someone did at least kinda respond to my typing thing haha
No responses but I did it lmao
BUT IN GENERAL
NOT TO HIM
IMA DO IT
Jk I never wanna talk to that man again
Imagine if I did it my ex
😋
I KINDA WANNA DO IT SEE IF ANYONE RESPONDS
On snapchat yes
Is it bad I randomly wanna start typing people on snap to give them a notif but never send them a text?
Honestly I'm usually into ppl older than me
Pixiv based tbh
Yes
How tf will I get my porn now? Smh
Im-
Just was a little bit nerve wracking is all
But no I am fine my car is fine
Happy bdayy
Obviously nott
But driving a car in the winter SUCKS
Thankfully yes I am
My car literally just did like a 270 on the road LOL
SHE SHOWED UP TO THE WRONG BEach smh
I love lana stans so much

<@447218009749061632> <@197871478950068224>
fr get better taihen
Murder
Havent done genshin abyss in ages omg
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
Want*
Idk I barely ever get notifs ping all you wwnt
IT ID
Lana is part of that cult
I think... swifties are a cult
For real
Lana is my religion
This ones better
Guys who tf is taylor swift?
HOW TF DO YOU NOT KNOW HER??
Love lana
LMAO
I'll win any way I can
hmmmm... I probably wouldn't forgive them but you could probably learn to not carry that weight with you constantly
Thats what I was thinking
exactly!
you wouldnt be like griseo
no
I mean its not too far out of character
HAHAHA
I was like ok cool trans girl heki whatev
OH OK I WAS SO CONFUSED LOL
OH
wait heki am I dumb or did you change your pronouns recently
lol go for it
See that'd be an easy win for me then
tet you should add taylor as a contestant
Gay you say?
I is a pronoun, ban tet
Marisa's pfp
is it cause Heki is a gymbro?
Is that Bruh's wallpaper?
Honestly its not a me problem, its just this person is just mentally fucked 🤷 I'm Gonna live my life still tbh
Thank you tho!
... afaik not rlly
Yea my life is pretty fucked up guys! News flash ig
But yea I'm trying to see if its being posted and so far haven't found anything... one good thing ig?
Thats why I preach internet saftey 🤭
Baban... my nudes when I was like 15/16 are being spread around by some dude... and my username is being shared with them
the way I'm scouring reddit to try and report those who keep sharing my snap username
Slay queen!
RIGHT it'd be fun
especially one about my sex life
I SHOULD THO
Better than joe rogan fr
I should make a fucking podcast and just talk about my life
Like I get he does have some issues to deal with so I'll give him another chance. He still needs to earrn back good friendship though
I had a long conversation with him about it
No for real he needs to
But yea! (Almost) full timeline
So yea... not mad at K at all tbh. Frustrated with D quite a bit and if he wants to be good friends again he's gotta gain my trust back. As for J... not sure yet didn't get to talk to him
It was this fucking meme too
Later time I texted D (Saturday) and wowee he lied again, saying that it was just them vibing (K left the campus before D packed his instrument up) and only told half truths bc yes there wasn't any invitations to the hangout but it was kinda planned?
Once I figure out D and J were over at K's place, I texted D and he didn't necessarily lie but also didn't tell the truth with stuff, but J tried to damage control by sending me a stupid ass meme.
Basically D had already planned to go over to K's apartment bc he was staying there after Hockey band. Not sure how but J and D were hanging out after D had already said he was going to a different building to go do homework (which was a lie). D and J texted K saying they were coming over and in a typical K fashion he responded just like Ok. So yea they were together, not quite planned but also not really quite random either.
And the other... didn't text but he gave me the truth this morning
The one tried to damage control and that is kinda fucked up
Uh so basically, one friend lied 🤭
Still not a good thing tbh
Yup!
Guess who finally got the truth about my friend situation
Here to destroy Drake on the charts
Nfr better than folklore anyways too
Evermore tho>
You still listen it good enough
Mmmm not terrible
If needbe I can always sell a kidney
Maybe for resale ya
I have probably enough leeway in my account for tickets up to $300?
Whatever it takes
My cousin got a presale code so I'm gonna see taylor!
My main is my stan account 😭
She's so homophobic she blocked that f*g from #1!
Based!
I like twitter so I can make tweets like this
It all comes tumbling down
Lets all go back to tumblr
Duh
Obviously L-nya
Slay igg
its heki, he doesnt have good opinions
Day late and a dollar short but i got 6* Delta
imagine being gay
She is so mother omfg
Maybe the low ass attack on my PE 😦
Smh my head
Go back in the closet
<:huh:966619839307321394>
:/
What is that
Honestly understandable, pretty much all of her albums are amazing
TASTE my top 3 are NFR, UV and COTCC
maybe you should start with that song! Since you've probably listened to COTCC
I hope you enjoy Joni! NFR is a love letter to her and For Free is actually her song, Lana just covered it on Chemtrails
Omg Karma is gonna be so relatable
rep era tho now! time to serve HARD
GOD ikr? I may DM you some of the snapchats but like holy shit it feels awful
I would recommend listening to Court and Spart - Blue - Ladies of the Canyon - Hejira - Turbulent Indigo for a pretty solid sense of her 19 album discography
#slay
So I asked the 3 of them individually if they wanted to hang after the marching band game today, to which they all said no (as 2 were tired and 1 had homework.)
I found out that they were spending time together (obv without me even though we've hung out many times together, especially after football games) 
They ended up trying to damage control once it was obvious I knew and gave a shitty excuse when I asked for the truth
<@447218009749061632> wanna know why I probably will drop 3 friends?
You might know the songs Big Yellow Taxi, Woodstock, or Both sides now
Musictok loves to praise it (deservedly so!)
The album
You've probably heard of blue>
Yass!
her works are pretty distinctly either jazz, pop (like 80s pop kinda), or folk/singer-songwriter
Sadly she isnt on spotify so I have to collect her physicals
Oldie but goodie
She debuted in the 60s
Lana is up there
She's my most streamed lmao
I'm a huge swiftie yea 😭
ANYWAYS PROBABLY GONNA DROP 3 FRIENDS
Just associate mother with her
No
Baban your mother is in her reputation era rn
hey guys I think my friends lied to me so that they could hang out without me #slay
Did you finally get internet access back at the nursing home?
I am not
Forgot how many of these weapons I have
no
LOL
Welp, I'm gonna try to fix my sleep schedule now bc it's midnight. I can maybe give some more recommendations tomorrow? Usually those recs are gonna be Joni Mitchell ngl
Hounds of love and the Dreaming are just simply superior albums
It also helps I'm already into Kate Bush ngl
Haven't gotten into Fiona Apple yet but honestly, Vespertine is probably the best Starting place for björk. It's my favorite listen so far and both not super challenging and yet very complex
Recently checking out Björk's catalogue has been great for traveling for me cause it's all so interesting and I haven't heard it before
I personally like youtube or listening to music, especially stuff I haven't heard before to be more engaged
You should still get sleep to properly wake up and not miss it!
Sleep or Taylor will come for you
Get sleep keilo if you're tired
Haven't used her support in a hot minute
But yea for my FR dps I use handel
(I just always use GD lol)
Dps fr Sup GD is what Im referring too
Turg TB slays on Eden tho
Lol its all good. You usually run Marg or Turg TB Tesla M on Eden, Zhenyi on PV and Handel on FR
Handel...
Its ok there's been worse
Like this?
Twitter's still good for porn at least!
Relatable then
WTF IS THIS GRINDR PROFILE 😭
Makes less stress on you
Just let karma deal with shit honestly
Ok slay
Aster in their hater arc
Guess who has to close on black friday <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
The loneliest slay
Quit for real
Wtf? Why would you do that to your
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
I remember I had to work once until 5am
Aoi could never serve cunt like this
The producer said cut and she heard cunt and went with it
If you like pop music 100% check out some carly rae deep cuts
Emotion and Dedicated Side B go fucking HARD
Carly is the best pop singer
Because she is for the gays
Carly Slay Jepsen
Wait you have friends
Coming to a theater near you
Homosexuals should be scared of me
I would tell him god bless him
Marisa is just like Dudu but instead of killing honkai he kills pronouns
Carv is the horny police
Nini just like me fr
Imagine sinking your balls into Elysia
I've been here longer
I have one because of a joke
I only have 1 thing of the bot because I'm unproblematic 🤭
FR
Its ok we hate heki too
AND
I have 6 homophobic taylor memes
Oh I know
Wait dont I have one
WHAT
4k quality
facts bro
says the owner of the cunny tag
Taylor or Doja Cat could make me straight ngl
I WISH I would date taylor over anyone else
omfg I need to make an edit of red taylor's version to be red pilled
My relationships have lasted a total of 2 months so... yea
based and redpilled!
ITS OK I MADE IT TO SUMERU YESTERDAYY
my yelan is lvl 60 cause I just unlocked the chasm a few days ago
ex friend right?
AND HE WAS BLACK TOO
NO FR
no
NO FR
I dumped an ex because I found out he was a closet conservative
So op! It's a must pull
idk some old ass shit
at 4* doesn't she slurp that dick till it cum?
but I do have the cupcakke elf tho?
hi guys my PE team is only 27/28 will I be good for HoDom 7?
if you don't wash your ass in the shower? HUGE RED FLAG
where's aoi
Ok that I can agree to that, I need me a cleanly man
its meh
Mmmmmm
Like washing it and taking care of it or like having a big ass?
19 iirc
Personality>Sex>Ass TBH
I would both fuck and marry cdawg TBH
I was talking about taihen
You like Thomas Sanders but not cdawgva? No taste!
He's my favorite cosplayer xx
I agree with that one
I can see where your lack of taste came from
NAUR
THOMAS SANDERS?
the underwear packages
taihen just a bottom too horny for his own good
good luck with that xx
Idk if you're gonna ever get to nirvana heki
Its your party now
Hmm... do that tomorrow and just enjoy today then
Ok happy birthday. Hope you find a nice man to give you the best blowjob ever today
Do you want me to sing you happy birthday?
Good, you better stream
Milfbius is actually 190
Not all of us are horny carv
Almost slayed
I'm in nirvana this cycle I'm gonna die
Trans himeko canon?
Finally made it to sumeru LOL
Altho... my man voice is iconic tbh
Its ok neither am i
You're not a guy <:sussge:968897150249484389>
this is my go to server love y'all
ME TOO
yea I had one last night LOKL
its ok I havent talked about my grindr hookup there (yet)
Why would we not be?
Like lemme be in horny jail without the minor
Sadly
You got up there at least
I will win
No thanks xx
I finally have her T and B at least but my miss pink elf is definitely mid pink elf
Sadly my MPE sucks ass so 🤭
Mid pink elf?
Shane Dawson wrong?
PE's only competition is a fucking cat
She used abyss tree instead of abyss flower
Omg I love my overload team! i use mei, kiana, and fischl <:BarbaraHeart:996112936055615488> <:BarbaraHeart:996112936055615488>
Hey guys is mei good?
Mei, bronya
I wanna see that list
should've done the classical ai chan instead of trying to sexualize her to hell and back
griseo?
(and characters who most skip are definitely skippable since most wont have the character in RL)
Only nirvana retainers have no-skips
and vill-v
like aponia!
its ok turg cat is here for us
At least Ai chan is a skip
too much
I've had some cock smh
I mean with M missing replace that with Mei M and then she still should be solid
hmmm I still don't know
Idfk Im saying from my Sushang
Im missing sus set and willows but HB still gonna be better anyways cause I only have S sushang
Only took 45 pulls guys!
~~lets not talk about my vinyl buying addiction~~
there's a reason I have a 2/4 sushang and no new DK
I work too
I can afford pretty much any price of them rn actually LOL
At least one of us has good taste
As your mother I must inform you of your bad taste
also baban L for you sorry
take a guess
idk maybe a roid slut or a fa-
this is not a safe space when Im here
Imagine liking any guys rn
honestly videogames are just no longer that fun
Honkai better
I've finally created enough space of exploration in Genshin that I like it again
omg tayrat swift
Marisa is mid
I love sad music
<:wow:1012493633968160880>
Mmm
but Im bored so mhe
no bc its toxic
ofc
I'm gonna redownload grindr cause I'm that bored
its literally the first line in honkai how could you miss it
Kevin has the wettest pussy
Me too
LOL
I am mother
Ty son
It's a slay tho
Im too lazy for a wig
Robin from stranger things
Serve of the year I'm telling ya
taihen do you wanna see my halloween costume
LOL
I figured LIL
Ew
I could never tho
... fair ig
diavoros
Oh wait I got one you haven't crushed on
hmm
Dont have a crush tho
I do
<:huh:966619839307321394>
Name 5 men you haven't crushed on
wait till you're 18 please
horny bottom?
No sorry
fuck yea tumblr era
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Mid pink elf
cant wait to ascend my yelan
guys I finally unlocked the mines of the chasm
Hold on
They should play antihero instead
LETS GO
Yet her movespeed is STILL SLOW AS HELL
Me on a daily basis ong
I haven't even unlocked the lower part of the chasm yet 😭
so big L
I only have weap and M for sushang
spicy
My gacha luck is truly unmatched
Partial slay
L then
My MPE is now at least slightly better
gimme utu
my meta queen
Himeko is so slay!
Ok
?
My twt keeps trying to recommend dream like bro idgaf I maybe watched a few of the youtube challenges in 2020 and thats ab it
Maybe if they stanned loona they'd have good taste
Scara stans are something....
Fr
Just like me fr
I just swiped left on someone cause their anthem was a john mayer song #slay
look it up
gotcha
so the pot is calling the kettle black?
why are the girlies fighting
I'm your grandma then
Its Rebooting and I that divorced
Wait there was a genshin patch?
In class
huh
smh
who needs the new DK
Guys huodou so easy
Basically when you
My sushang too op!
Guys its christmas now merry christmas
Oh lord
So THATS WHY MY TIRE FELL OFF
scara fans deserve nothing
scara is always just ugly
They are meh in game
RIGHT AT LEAST ALBEDO AND ITTO LOOK GREAT IN ART
he still ugly
Wow
I shall enjoy VKE shill
she's not doing good in 6.2 ER? damn
HoF shall slay again
so pretty
Ohh ok ok
Is that an anime trope? Idk I don't watch much slice of life stuff (or anything really rn)
What would I be tet
Hmm
$11/hr so good!
Besides rn I'm living almost only my own funds so I am NOT RICH
Thats why Taylor sent her the wrong address to the beach smh
rich? no. My mom is decently well off but not rich enough to be a country club person
Basically its like a little hang out spot for rich people with like a pool, common spaces, sometimes has golf courses or whatnot
Guys lana just announced her next album omg <:catblush:963351912235810826>
Wtf
Also sexy
Gay people with car problems are sexy
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
Isnt she like 15
Dota 2 is my new bestie
Ima just quit 🤪
Me
Sadly mr
Guys I bought womens jeans and they kinda fit nice tbh
Baban in his honkai anti era
Slays too hard?
we should play together sometime
yea I've had like matches almost 2 hours before
Guys I love ksoma boss
I got 1 weap and 1 M so far uhh
4 m? holy shit
I use HoH on kosma l o l
Idk if I roll for HoR DK or sus gear wow I'm torn hmm
Guys my sushang is so good rn
I think I should probably go for sus gear and not HoR new weapon right
LOLL
Free 10 pull so good
Does that mean he's the best?
And Ed Sheeran is the most listened to Artist on spotify
<:wow:1012493633968160880>
But not as good as dota
Its good
I'd rather play a good game then get more 3somes
I don't need any help getting a 3 some
Bigger ≠ better
Still better than LoL
Tbh it kinda did
The world could give me time to choose the genshin story and I'd probably read twilight instead
Are you one to talk?
Csm opening goes hard
LOL
i give up on event
Putrr
so ig an orgy actually isnt out of the question huh
I mean yea I hang out with 2-3 other gay dudes after the game
Same diff
jk I got marching band tho
I'm gonna be busy having an orgy on saturday
YEA
what was it called
baban can we play that princess game
Guys can I get sushang gear and HoR dk with this
LOL
this is the first time I've done raids in weeks
but you cant buy gamews
yes
lets all play ToF exclusively
and find a better game
i think we all quit
its ok HB is better
omg rotmg time
baban lets play minecraft toetehr
ima kms
games r mid
good
then why
uhhh
fair
yea
Oh the towerdefence?
its a fun event
do you WANNA?
fuck videogames tbh
Fuck honkai
FRR
cause he gay
put him down!
its ok I got laundry to fold anyways inbetween
is it a 2 person possible raid or do we need 3
ok ok Im ready
I'll just save progress n help
yea im jsut in ER rn
Im jsut forgetfull
ik ur NA
if its na sure
Slayed
full gear in 1 10 or quit
its kinda sad
I literally just dont play games at all
AND HONKAI IS MY ONLY GAME
literally I wrote a chorus to a song I'll never finish rather than play honkaiu
so I quit genshin
me with genshin
LLLLLLLL
L
when is calc due?
just skipp all the story
oh shit I got 2 hours to speedrun the patch
<@482139585355448333> you wanna hear the random ass chorus I spent like 30 min on cause I was bored
mmm this draft is kinda mid
anyways time for composition
I was confused
well no
Wtf
bruh wtf is that
Gotta love my 5 minute drafts lol
I feel like I could do something interesting with my music knowledge but I may lack some on the lyric side
Ohh I should try
Yass kiana and mei + bronya and seele just gal pals <:wow:1012493633968160880>
Well at least it's starting in college
Im old enough to have my hairline recede
Sex is roughly related to gender so yes
took me so long to make those (30 seconds max)
you're welcum taihen
the pronunciation on the higher register was NOT it but meh these were all single takes
LOL there we go
just the opening though because thats what I'm most comfortable with
I'll give you 3 octaves of renditions
At octave or an octave below
Oh yes I know but the clips have been on tiktok so I have already thankfully experienced this masterpiece of a song
It's been around on tikton I remember
I love phoebe, especially punisher! She's been heavy in my autumn playlist so her streams have been going up
LOL MIDNIGHTS IS ALREADY MY 19th MOST LISTENED TO ALBUM
Sakitama better at pegging the enemy than HoF
Dont remind me
<:ElyD:997498261021671524>
back to using FR lol
LOL
As long as its not a Snow On The Beach collab
CM just girlbosses too hard
I remember one time in an unranked match I started as support CM and ended up carrying 😭
Stick to support then
Hmmm
oh wait I havent been following the meta for a while is SS a support now or still a midlane?
or play storm spirit more or something
Slay
Huh
Ok gn heki
I guess I can give it a try
Oh the dense might be an issue since my hair is fucking fine and thin but I can try it out
And extremely straigbt
What's your hair type? Cause my hair is super fine
Depends
My conditioner is pretty good but I can maybe try switching it out
But I've been meaning to switch up the shampoo
i really like this alba conditioner
Ima check
At 20 too
<:Tericross:1002795340304486471>
My fucking hairline is receding
She can sort out the bad ones from the good ones
So true 💜
POV you're gay and they're about to drug you
I keep my lips wet by sucking dick
Literally target today only played taylor
Slay nights carried
Slayed the house down!
I made you my world. Have you heard? I can reclaim the land.
It's a specific synth
Bejeweled is pretty relatable to me so I love it
The title seemed meh but wow is it good
Bejeweled was the sleeper hit for me
They are
Lyrically amazing per usual
Some dreampop production and some reputation type stuff too
melodically 100% her best for sure
Its good but honestly it can't topple evermore as my fav
Midnights aoty for sure
She just does backing vocals only and no verse
TAYLOR TIME
So far no matches
Pregaming midnights by swiping on tinder
<:huh:966619839307321394>
GUYS ITS ALMOST MIDNIGHTS TIME
Only 2 more hours
For midnights duh
Omg Taco Bell is playing delicate what a slay!!
As long as you sing with good tone and intonation you're golden
Ohhh
I'd go on a piano to really check
Ik my chest voice is like c2-F5 and my falsetto extends to around F#5
Bari bass with some falsetto proba
Lets revive Diana and have her be queen
Omg dendro archon leaks?
<@447218009749061632>
Iirc its super easy
I can help what are ya doing?
midnights is tomorrow sooo better stay up then
<@447218009749061632> <@171082989046988800>
Yuh
King and queen are gendered so
Omg carv transphobic arc?
Omg a raecist?
Honestly though I'm glad HsR is soon so I can actually wanna play it
And Midnights releases this Friday which is what we care about
sadly new years day isnt her best closer tho
DAY
YEARS
ON NEW
I'll be cleaning up bottles with you
but...
streaming midnights ofc
and we will be streaming
time to speedrun this goddamned event
Yes pretty much
And instead of republican they are gay
Basically swifties are insane and have conspiracy theories galore
<@171082989046988800> thoughts?
The highest on my music theory mid term was 39/50 💀
omg the real rita I'm ur biggest fan
Its for the best
I had a friend tell me ab it earlier
yea
yes for working with the director if anything
Cata how tf are you surprised by this
Hi guys I kissed 2 ppl tonight anyways slay
I'm not watching that movie but she slayed
Mean, I Did Something Bad, Blank Space.... or you can go the Long Story Short route
LETS GO
What would Taylor Swift do?
its ok tet we still love you
Hell honkai is the only game I play rn and I'm barely on it 😭
I just haven't had time to watch shit recently so I haven't been doing that
But I agree the first episode was good
Its mappa right?
I mean... Mappa is pretty good imo
So he's super excited for the anime ofc
One of my friends is super obsessed with the manga n shit
Guys do I watch chainsaw man
Wow
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Omg you got cunny? Ew
Basically he dated Taylor Swift when she was 20/21 and he was 28/29 iirc
Dw sometimes I feel like I'm in my Jake Gyllenballs era when I like an 18 year old LOL
Best S rank character right there
huh
Cute
<:wokege:966623232918712331>
Eden DPS too strong
ty ruby
Turg eden>marg eden overall right?
sucks to suck
Ugh
oh ew
😭
I swear Im good at discord
Guys
Gotta love/hate gays
Only hetero allowed *plays game with a fuck ton of lesbians in it*
I hate pronouns and gender
Marisa time
Its not what it looks like
😭
Might be like uh
Also heki stole something out of context so now I have a cunny quote or something
Fenri too gay for kids
for the new incomer
We just want an explanation dw bruh
Hey why is there a cunny role?? Hmm?
<:wow:1012493633968160880>
Oh true
You dont wanna get corrupted by the cunny likers
Hmm maybe ask Bruh or Hei
too many people in this server like cunny
dont ask
Satisfying in a way
Its very ew
Apparently I had some impacted ear wax ew
Then dont diss the pumpkin patch
If you cant get an apple cider slushie and a donut with me in autumn then idgaf about you
Sorry you guys just dont like autumn
Not necessarily, I planned on going with a group and I've gone with friends before
It's a cute little place where you can buy pumpkins to decorate, maybe get some apple cider and donuts, and just enjoy the fall ambiance
My friend cancelled on going to the pumpkin farm today so I gotta use this to snag someone to go
Liking gymbros is a crime
jail era
oh so did you finally get over that guy then?
and those who like gymbros
Ik some middle eastern countries actually kill the woman who was raped iirc
Heki lives in hell actually
He's taking his time its ok
No but we got food together and ate a fuck ton of crunch bars
(he is still a virgin tho cause he's 18 LOL)
Actually I wouldnt be surprised, havent talked too much sex life with the one but the other tends to bottom
hey I was sitting inbetween two gay guys watching JJK so that was a creampie waiting to happen
That was YESTERDAY
jesus fuck
lemon meringue pie or or brownies tbh
Librals these days get so offended when you say you like Natural anime women with big bouncing breasts
sexuality: cunny
kids these days with their pronouns, wtf is a StI/HoS/PE
exactly
kys has pronouns in it
Alright so HoF is a valk that uses HoF's skills to deal fire damage. HoF does massive fire damage to honkai bosses and HoF has high scores on many bosses
Imagine trying to talk ab honkai with no pronouns
Ohhh look what made do
Cause baby now got bad blood
So take a look what doneee
Know used to be mad love
Cause baby now got bad blood
cause baby now we got bad blood~
Cannot use I, We, Us, or You
Guys how did I do
true utopia
gender no more
mm
Slay bestie
Ok bye
I absolutely love platonic cuddling so much. Like tonight I was chilling with 2 friends and was just watching anime and cuddling kinda with one (like the kind where I wrap my arm around him on a couch) and like I just love platonic physical affection
Pay for the replacement then
Small consolation prize tonight ig
I barely go outside like how tf-
Well if its a tick it's likely only one!
This is what the one guy looks like now but idk if there's more
IDK IM NOT A BUG PERSON IM JUST WORRIED
Not quite right but its the closest
Looks like the 3rd of 4th instar of the bedbug to me
Meh it isn't rlly looking like any tick I've seen
The mattress or what
Cause I found this bitch on my heated blanket!!! Cant find any more signs and idek if it is a bedbug
Love checking my bed for bed bugs
We live in a capitalist hellhole so it's not that shocking
I would sue the school too
my ganyu does like I think 120k melt so meh
kqm?
yea being a meta player in genshin just feels unrewarding tbh
oh
just farm
nini can you get me monthly card?
Ayo 47k!
PROBABLY
Rebooting banned from omegle slay
I can do whenever since Im gonna be putting away laundry
Sure
I'm a bitch wbk.
He's average in general but like he was just ugly there
He looked ugly
💀
She just like me fr
Meh I might as well just go to the lithium mines myself and kill those kids like I'm a skywalker
Easy way to ruin your non-diesel running vehicle
Good enough
not roll on dorm at least
you should
Its better than before lets be honest
Its better than before lets be honest
I'm already losing weekly money with field placement shit for school I need to be saving BIG TIME
LOL
donate metal plz
for my score
also crusher was ab the same iirc
meh if I had 65 weapon yea
💀
Wow
slay
goddamn my score is BAD
apparently
Dalao
Its hard to run from the FBI
heki you find the weirdest stuff
Why is twitter recommending me loli porn?
I mean its based on your activity so Heki its a self callout
welp looks like HB gonna still be useful to me for a while huh
my tiktok is just like Taylor Swift and this weird ass chrome lady who tastes the biscuit so I think you're all alone Heki
Your first issue is furry tiktok
Your feed is based on your activity so I can believe it
Wait bruh has twitter?
Thank you son
Ty ty
ALSOOO got her SSS this week
Yay she's better
Men r complicated huh
Aghh
Björk is cursed
Here's an out of context meme
His mid looks do not make up for his annoying ass personality
Yea that's dream 💀
Me after seeing dream
Dont diss mangos like that bro
Right right
Also I should be sleeping but I cannot sleep rn
He looks like a slightly more attractive shane dawson tbh
💀
Slay
I kinda knew he liked me and I was right this time
We're in marching band together
So slay
I'm gonna talk to him more tomorrow
But uh yea
Not the one person I had a crush on before no
ALSO NEW TAYLOR MERCH JUST DROPPED AND I MISSED IT TALKING TO HIM??
and ngl like 2 days ago i started getting feelings so I'm hoping our dates go well
really surprised it happened
I'm just uh
Nah I dont need a wingman
hehe ty ty he's been super kind and we've been texting everyday and having good convo for like a week now so
Hi everyone I might uh be in the talking phase with someone now hehe
😭
Oh shit I need to do abyss
P p p poker face
Im
Gotta be satire
Baban make it better then
Tiktok fashion is something else...
I've heard Posing for Cars I think I get it
Me too me too
I need to read it cause I like her music
She has the best taste out of that side of the family at least
Its my cousin so I gotta 😭
Man I dont like weddings
I love my little baby mental health bird
I finally changed my status after forever lol
Yasss
I mean... it's not entirely impossible
<:Cringe:975612628779024434> <:Cringe:975612628779024434>

Wtf is this
not the government
I should be the only one who can kill the gays
Im glad at least America doesnt kill gays so its something
kids can play smash bros at least
Murder the guy then
You could take it to someone who works at your school as well
murder them
Yea you shouldn't touch people without their consent
so I'm safe got it
I'm normal enough
I cant even 4/4 Ely
Dw I dont need to cope cause I never afford an elf
fire elf gonna fill Raven's ult and autolaunch off-field like HB and restore SP and reduce switch CD
Its uh better!
you could always do furry commissions too
You could probably sell yours as bigfoot sightings
not a fetish
Selling feet pics is just smart economics
Eh there's always worse fetishes
You're not my son-in-law I dont need to care about you sorry
not me I get to live
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
horny ig
(I would also play taylor for 3.5 hours+)
Well at least you got diversity
Was it all too well 10mv played 21 times?
Yass
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
Tell them to kts then idk
Homophobic taylor>>>>
<@447218009749061632> I FOUND ANOTHER ONE
Sex by The 1975
Yes
I love twt
Hacker in his mod arc
Yes
$20 and a large dr pepper or large baja blast
Its so fun
LMAO I was a little too quick
Keilo is not abysslao
I'd rather play this than analyze it NGL
Its fucking just stupid
LOL
How is this??
its so fun
Guys I love music theory
Idk something about renaissance fairs attracts enby people
Nice
Who wants to fund me
😭😭🤪
Literally just hit my 10 pull 4* and uhh it was another weap
Might give up on this supply at this point
No he isn't, I said crush when explaining how I feel
I told my friend I liked him and he rejected me but our friendship is honestly better than ever rn
It doesn't have to
Can you be honest with them?
I'm sure this crush will fade with time
Just process it and let it fade away with time
Nope <:Pikahands:973266725837623326>
Bkek will die after HI3 does
My twt is just heartstopper and Taylor Swift
Shit dps tho
Covid
You're an expert at that
How am I even #2 cause my HoH is ass
Not slay
Oh wait
Dont say the n-word
Honkai and COC collab omg
How not to get bitches 101
She almost looks like (or is) Lana Del Rey 🤗
<@171082989046988800>
How did I do guys?
Only did joni so far.... trying to find some good taylor pics to make homophobic
Im working on making new homophobic memes
I lucky have honkai as my only game so my stamina management hasn't been horrible
gotta get that SS
yes 100% cat LOL
I think it depends on your dps valks
oh to have klein....
Im using FR dps-
oopsies
Lol I got a 536 with FR
And its just cringe
like mother like son
Slay
Most of my teams are solid... except my Ely gear is shit for both 😭
For phys I just need to farm Ely gear smh
I got a new vinyl today 😩😩😩
😭
I havent played genshit in forever
I got childe zhong albedo ganyu and hu tao
Yass og players
I got ganyu back in 1.2
Down with the gays!
So much for summer love, or saying us, cause you weren't mine to lose
You should listen to august thooo it'll be very relatable
Hate em
Those are rough
Its a situationship
There's strong evidence for him to like me cmon
August by Taylor Swift?
I'm still coping that he does like me
i dropped my other partner options for him cause I thought he liked me
Im not lonely I just got rejected smh
At least you didn't get rejected by your crush like me <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
We should just kill the gymbro
Your father won't help you
Eli can continue
Hmmm
Baban... would he hatecrime you?
In the ways that count
Is he like gojo?
Is he gojo?
HUH
Hi im at work
Baban as my child the only slur you can say is f*g
Ok bye
Look at her go!!
It could be worse
smh
but cope ely gear
It makes me sad
IK
for how bad my gear is... its not the worst score LOL
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
ew
so many red flags
ew
I finally got a video of me playing and singing champagne problems but uhh I have nasal congestion so I kinda sound bad LOL
I miss when HoF was dominant tbh
Heki rolling for 7tr for DJ is something tho....
jk
I would
LOL
I'M-
Worse than Heki?
omg slay carv
LOL
<:Hmmge:1002519669569228831>
yes
For how bad my Ely is... its not a terrible score
Most my music is sad... which I love
Time to make another playlist where I actually have some happy music
Taylor hates gays sorry xx
Guys Kevin and Su are actually engaged canon bc
🤪
But goddamn is it sad
<@964806731471405086> what if I told you... happiness was my fav song 🫡
Lolicon probation
evermore is deadass my fav album EVER
Its so good
yass
like my pfp?
hi guys
Taste
Heres why Taylor Swift made kanye famous
Its Joni Mitchell
CONFESSION rn taylor isnt my fav artist (she's #2)
Like if I want rap I'll go to Kendrick or Tyler tbh
SOMEHOW
Some gays listen to him too
RIGHT RIGHT
yea ur father
Altho wrong season now smh
Its so good!!
its a BOP
anyways if you dont like taylor do yourself a favor and listen to cruel summer
Maybe if you stanned loona...
fr
Not when evermore exists
queen
icon
guys shake it off is her best song
Did you get covid?
mmmm lack of taste I'm afraid
Good another free seat for me
I'm not unhinged
Eat the rich
I'll just break in
I'll just take out a loan
No
Taylor swift hasn't done a concert since like 2018 😭
Might as well tbh
SO TRUE
I would rob a bank for her 💖
NO BC I WOULD
LMAO
That was me
Going with the FR score
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
L
I'm doing abstinence with my HoH that has Jingwei T Pristine M and Irene B
didnt know Diavoros was sending unsolicited D pics to people smh
wow there isnt a BKE boss upcoming rn so I cant test her out smh
Mobi is still my best for sure
That'd be fun
The park I go to often has a 6'6 limit
Like I'm literally 2 inches from max and since I'm not a twink the restraints are too small
Bad thing about being tall is not fitting well into roller coasters...
That can be a flex too
I actually have fairly even proportions so I have long legs and long torso
Am I talk enough smh
I wonder who the tallest in the server is
Guys look at these fagtastic runs of hellmaru
I will share it
FINALLY GOT HER STIGS
Has been for a while
😭
Music theory 3 is hard
Here's some actual weird songs
The story is weirder than the song
Ok how do you listen to music typically. youtube? spotify?
Still cant see how you think lana is weird <:deadge:975652771082698782>
If you want weird music I got you
Eh candy store is pretty decent
As long as you dont like Machine gun kelly....
You might be too dumb to understand them you're right
Lana is indie pop/alt pop tho uhm
What's your style then?
Lana in all honesty is pretty tame music wise
Maybe... you're weird
So no
Lana makes good songs
Yes
Born to Die 🤪
So dalao to have a shit elysia
As your mother, please stfu
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Dont lump me in with your kind Heki
Me when....
Yes
i hate my son in law
naur
Also smh
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Deserved
L
Naur
LOL?
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
I still got a crush on my one friend sadly
Its like a salute
🫡
Oh so you like him?
The body type look fairly athletic I'd say. Pretty decent sized dude ig
Smh
WHY DID EVERYONE TALK AB THE CAT AND NOT ANSWER TAIHENS QUESTION LOL
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
IM
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Well I dont have domain expansion so I dont gotta worry about that
My eyes are too pretty to cover up
<:wow:1012493633968160880>
Strong maybe
Hmm can I compete with gojo?
😭
We were talking about how hot he was at the jjk0 movie
Taste ngl
IT IS THO
LOL
Now I gotta figure out his anime crush (It's 100% gojo)
<:wow:1012493633968160880>
<:yippee:1002596802656223274>
Gay as hell
And he's gay
Fr
My intuition good
Yknow?
i know they will
I don't think this feeling is one of hoping things come true
<:wow:1012493633968160880>
Is that copium or nah
Literally all my friends think he likes me and they thought that months before I even saw anything. I think he's still figuring things out currently and rushing again will make things worse... so for now I'll just hang around. still think he likes me tho
That's what intuition sYs
I still need to wait
Like dating scene is dead because of this man
Right now I have 0 romantic interest other than in him
It's just
It will be okay
Hoping that something comes to fruition
I'm just
Ahh
Got an interesting reading
I uhhh
Shit would be interesting
Honestly when am I gonna get a show about my love life
Things are never simple for me
our friendship is somehow the best its ever been
But also
It does hurt
Besides I think half of the department thinks we're dating anyways
Since personal emotions can get in the wY
I need someone to do a readingg for me
No but like
Lets go with that
Sure sure
And handsome at the same time
im pretty
I dont need a glow up
Honestly just waiting for him to realize our compatibility
I'm too pretty and he's gay
I feel like I do have a chance with him if I give it time
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
I'm just hoping the tarot cards are right and he's the one... he'll come around right??
Sadly yes
I think Im gonna try to move on from the guy who rejected me... but it's hard when the crush makes you feel comfortable rather than having your heart race
i dont get it
I deadass dont even wanna date an 18 year old rn uh
Babes 2 year age gap
The oldest I've dated is 21 when I was 19 💀
i love you <@482139585355448333>
Hold on lemme confuse him
OMG WAIT NO ITS TAIHEN
Uh
Me when
When
Me
Me
Me when
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
swiftie era for baban
Taylor has a song about killing a cheating man soo
Baban in his Swiftie arc I see
Agreed
PURR
Eli play nice
😭
I'm still down bad for the one dude who rejected me
Baban is heki your gym crush?
So idk
I've been at work
Spill
Wtf is the hunger games thing?
I thought it ended today too for a hot minute
At least I got supports
Turg*
And its not tirg
But I have nothing else
Ur right but...
Mines a little less cope 😭
dont have money!
Damn 💀
time to see how bad my elysia is
Im still in college even
My only day off
I got called into work tomorrow
Guess what
Baban
Ely gear so good <:deadge:975652771082698782>
I love it
<:suswokege:966623262912163850>
Fantastic
I love being first in my bracket
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Guys I might get out before 5 am
Its 1am rn
Only 4 hours left of my shift
I win bc I'm a tall bitch
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
I'm still waiting for my mona to do morgana
with how bad my HoH is she's gonna have lots still
I saw that Ely TM irene/ShakespeareB can be okay so that's what I'll cope with
I'm hoping i get lucky and get at least one more stig for HoH
for good ely luck
does ur friend play honkai then?
somethin somethin friendship probs
I need ely TB
its okk
ana is distanced based and you wanna be melee
she's ranged
do I even bother trying to get welt lol
fr fr
I need to find my best copium gear combo bc I prob wont get any other piece
LOL
but wow copium
at least you got purana, that's something
my ice team used to be pardo gear issue now it's Ely gear issue
my SW is a lot better than my Ely RN
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
and then gear only got weap and M (with a dupe of each)
I was at 79 counter and got down to 16
uhhhh
DOnt get my luck
GL
Carzuha
Oh so you have 6 more pulls until you hit where I had to go
Today is gonna be horrible huh
Why do we all have just the M stig
Love doing test runs
Maybe I should've pulled a heki and skipped 6.1
Yass back to back spending
Im jk btw
🥱
Kys
This was like almost 100 pulls worth <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Congrats
This is just the loss from expa <:Despairge:1002519666050211941> <:Despairge:1002519666050211941> <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Think it took me like 63? But my counter was already down to 79 so it's horrible
These pulls are honestly kinda rlly bad for me <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Started with 26k
I got 2 of weaps and 2 of Ms
Guys she's so op <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Horrible pulls
I'm-
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
I got a 9 hour shift (from 8pm to 5am) to download it with anyways
itll be okay
<:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
hey guys uhh can you predownload the update on mobile
no more SS arena
Oh I'm a retail worker uh <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Seggs
I'm homophobic not misogynistic
i always have been
How about they all burn in hell
Because bottoms are the worst type of gays
💖
Homophobic icon
Baban when he crushes on a guy
BASED/REDPILLED
Yass
My pronouns are nor/mal
Heki just be straight
Tomorrow I work to 8pm to 5am so I will be killing myself during my shift
Glb has like 10 and I am not waking up early
no
I'm hoping I get lucky with HoH
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
Boom ice dps
Just get HoR
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
But only 2/4 ely so she's uhh
I only have SS MPE
Omg I should ask rebooting if he listens to cbat
Cbat is the best song ever 🔥
Good stay that way
Baban you are too young to read that
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Maybe jesus has erectile dysfunction and cant cum now : (
Guys this is Elysia's 2nd coming out 🥺
OMG WAIT
Wdym Ely is coming out? she's already visibly queer
I just finished chp 31 story
Omg wait Elysia is tomorrow morning huh 😩
<@148145559897636865> omg just like you fr
and neither have you
heki be in his cunny arc again
Smh
Only 700 hours playtime smh
No carole gear issue
<:HMM:966625453194485760>
heki you're a minor you don't need to look like a slut
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Dw you're just reclaiming it
Wow so good
Sadly that video isnt a joke 😵‍💫
Stop headcannoning real people challenge!! (IMPOSSIBLE FOR TIKTOK PEOPLE)
I FOUND THE VID LOL
on top of my busy school schedule 🤗
No it's just that I work 36.5 hours this week
Only a few in her songs dw
Hey baban wanna hear something fun
Fr
Seems like no one wants to get up and work for their MA scores these days!
but the church dont like that so hehe rewrite to say GAY
Like no pedophilia
Fr
jesus says YES to gays
THE REAL DOTA EXPERIENCE?
I havent even played I just downloaded sumeru LOL
genshin for switch gives me actual space to get to the final region
My mobi runs r mid but eh gotta get those xtals
just get lucky
god I'm not ready for thursday I wanna DIE
I got I think 21k rn
Honkai is the only game I play and I barely play it
Busy person
I ammmm
I havent done raids in like a month
I'm just like cool
and
One of the guys who I had a fling with texted me saying he isn't really interested in a relationship
I feel like I should be sad rn but I'm just not
The one true queen at least lives 💖
LOL
They're lying
He was probably seeking a specific kind of company
Idk
<:wokege:966623232918712331>
I literally cannot think of any other reasoning
My mind automatically assumes horny
Maybe he shouldn't have rejected me the first time around
Wtf could it be about
Ok so we're in the same time zone and literally have most of the same classes in college (including marching band which I see him in less than 4 hours anyways) and it obviously wasn't urgent because he sent nvm literally less than a minute after since it had the same timestamp
Aoi... most texts that go along the lines of u up? Have an adult connotation
When literally we're gonna see each other at fucking 9 am anyways
Right right
Literally my mind automatically translated it to a u up? Text and I'm fucking <:wokege:966623232918712331>
Thats what makes it concerning
Yes he is
<:sussge:968897150249484389> <:sussge:968897150249484389>
Griseo dakimura isnt a normal thing
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
Jayson wtf is that
Like I feel like this mans was either in trouble or horny like I can't think of anything else and it's concerning me
I need to sleep but I'm awake <:suswokege:966623262912163850>
So I'm just so sus
I talk to him often but I don't text him often
plan on it
Tbh he's the reason I'm homophobic
I'm literally gonna see him tomorrow morning too like
At 1 am??
Mind you
<@482139585355448333>
No?
That it's sus
Do you agree
No but taihen
Yea horny
<:sussge:968897150249484389> <:sussge:968897150249484389> <:sussge:968897150249484389> <:sussge:968897150249484389>
Cause i checked time stamps
And like the nvm literally not a minute after
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
No like why do you need me at 1am tho
Wtf is normal about that
No
Heki....
<:concern:966623298639261746>
Someone fucking sent me a You Awake Then nvm text right after at fucking 1 AM
BABAN
JUST SAVE THE IMAGES I SEND BABAN
FR
I think swifties killed Lizzie
Guys guys
Oh
Mmm
thats the only thing in this pic
epi this is nirvana
See it says nirvana in the corner
This is NIRVANA
HOLD ON MY S0 SW DOING WORK!
omg i forgot Im in nirvana this round
we gotta get taihen in there
LOL
yea im a bass so I sing champagne problems an octave down
its a vid of me singing
yes it does
(if we ignore a ton her songs about sex)
YASS
<@964806731471405086>
she hates the straights too
then ew!
bc if he straight
yes
could be ok
hmmmm
what is it baban
hmm
when I get to piano again I'll do a full vid
ugh I wish I had a vid of me playing champagne problems
Maybe August could work?
happiness may be too low then too
is champagne problems too low or high?
From taylor, happiness or champagne problems may work well
maybe try some lower songs first!
thats fair. she has a very large range
You can learn how to relax your body and expand you lungs far
Hmmmm I gotta think of the best flex
i have most of her lyrics memorized
more taylor it is
mmmmm
should I sing again
you can also learn how to breathe better
all you need to know about singing is that Taylor Swift is slay
cause thats my natural range
I need to focus on my bass range
if anything
I dont need a higher range
also vocalll lessons
I got like $600 in my acc rn
slay
LOL
I havent bought anything else so
well I’m getting closer to ely skin
god I hate event sakura
he has refrigerator temp iq takes
ok event pardo IS fun
Only one true queen is allowed to live
I think the swifties did it causeee
heki how dare you!
queen elizabeth stigmata set when
exactly
He doesn’t like HoH because she has tits
I drink it like I’m a poison type pokemon
Yes I am
what’s the tea
can’t believe she died before the new taylor swift album 😭 she would’ve loved it
Dudu dressing up as her dead mom for halloween !
she looks more like a kaslana with the braid tbh
yass playable dxy
Should I try and farm full gear MPE at this point? hmm
like HoT yea g4
oh wait my MPE is is SS0
lemme cope keilo
plz be DK and sushang gear banner
more gacha
this is DK
oh shit
Idek what my ely is
SS3 FR and SS0 HoR
Mine is SS
Cool that wont be too bad
so SS1?
cause uhhh idk if HoR is worth getting above SS
I should be done with FR at that time so it'll only be MPE and Sushang for AL valks
Im so close to SSS
and they come on field like HB and SA
Idfk they're just in my bracket
<@82358863155703808>
with the new iphone announced my phone bout to run like shit
RIP my phone
DOES SHE HAVE DOMAIN EXPANSION TOO???
lol
NGL havent seen her gameplay yet
...hackerracist
I'd rather kms then bald vill-v
Im sorry
vill-v looks awful to play
I still need to farm Ely stigs <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
yea like what about the SW team
i got her 3/4 (using cezanne B too) so Im gonna make use of her at least for 6.0 damn it
morbmid skin tbh
HoV DK when
yess just like how FR immediately killed off HoT when she released!!
omg wait I already have full ana I’m actually in a good place to get this stig
make pardo great again
how tf did ae become ice meta again
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
also look at this fucking shift
nirvana time
wheres carv when you need him
hua is good right?
who knows the event who can tell me who to use
but to be fair I listen to almost 3k songs
I like some rap
btw who is the best flamechaser to use in the event
Not cardiovascular bronchitis
LOL
he makes straight boy music
playboi carti is a dude
he probably listens to playboi carti
only if he listens to lana
baban at least my crush was gay
Is he even gay?
Ew
just maybe
only maybe if he’s a little fucker
if he’s not a swiftie or orbit he isn’t valid
He’s not good enough for that
girl he isn’t a swiftie
You’d also have swifties coming after you too
orbits actually creates the earth to make space for loona to reside
love4eva
thats very fun
we just got dinner today so
and he's chill
we're still friends at least
its ok
lol
imagine having a crush
calc was ass when I did it
yay
L
l
do you wanna vc
babannn
I have 0 time
I want ely skin
like
i rlly need to finish it
would anyone wanna see me stream this hot mess
heh
fuck
omg i need to do events
Songs great but I hate the novel
Fucking hated Wuthering heights tho
I took AP lit
I love writing and reading
ok english was fun idc
thats something
at least
Nirvana time
Fuck it
Sure
Dure
Mmmm
S0 SW with Bronya TB Peary M
My pardo has Bastet TM Cezanne B (with pri)
Full gear HB
S0 SW
I do have a decent ice team now
do I wanna nirvana there
mmmm
ty baban
guys whats the next boss
carv hoyo employee
I FOUND THIS ON Twt help
like our queen taylor
oh yea
evn forgets to do abyss till last minute part 9999
It’s a song ab Bobby and Ethel Kennedy
According to my Taylor Swift year predictor, this month my song is gonna be fucking STARLIGHT!!! YAYY
apparently
omg omg wait
I will sleep after I find the perfect tay song for this situation
its ok cause if you did, it would be a charli xcx reference
I should sleep its so late for me wow
Shit there needs to be a taylor song
Wrong time
He is right person
What if
my ellie rejected me
eventually
pretty and I like music
I am like Eden
maybe you should listen to some taylor swift
alice this heat wave got ya oversharing
That was….
Im
At least america has some good music
white privilege
taihen has privilege now
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
alice I thought I could trust you
me when
taihen and I are the furthest from pedos
I just cringe
so I...
18 year olds feel like babies to me
for real
I feel old sometimes at 20
aoi
I dont even think I could date anyone younger than 19
...alicepedo
baban too young to be a pedo
meow
I stole this one from rebooting
Im too pretty to get caught up on someone who doesnt like me
Find a better one
I’m gonna
Im not gonna change myself for a man
Its fine
I am not masc
he’s looking for someone more masc than me
I think
😭
Although he simps for Gojo so like I have no way to win
… Ready for it by Taylor Swift?
LOLL
Im so pretty!! How could you not!
Maybe the dude will start to like me back
Like I have a gut feeling something is gonna happen
ya
something would happen tomorrow
I had a feeling
thats fair
yknow
fenri stfu go back to your coloring book
Omg omegle stream again when
I was too good looking for them
here’s another one for you whores
here’s my true face reveal
or to get called a tr*nny
exactly
😵‍💫
I’ve perfected being non-binary
Im just doing a face reveal bc keilo is flirting with me
hi aster
fuck it sent weird
also love this one
keilo
do you wanna see more cute pics of me
Ty ty
the one where I got called a tr*nny
I could never have that much scruff
Im on the right he’s on the left
I have an album
😐
I fucking asked him out at band camp
yes marching band
so true
this is us btw
he’s not a taylor swift gay tho
and we’re good friends too still
thats all that matters at the end of the day tbh
I hate gays fr
HE TREATS ME DIFFERENT TOO
I felt so awkward because I was so sure he liked me
but ya
at least we’re still friends
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
“I can only see us as very good friends”
I tell him I think I like him
like literally all my friends thought he’s liked me for months
sorry about that baban
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
At least you didn’t ask out a friend and get rejected
with who
ok so jade ig
Ok I was thinking mahogany maybe too
The cover slays
I was thinking jade green
I have blue on the way already cause thats the standard
Im thinking jade green
Nah but blood moon looks like fucking vomit to me
its ok she’s just a small indie artist 🥺🥺🥺
eh
so
it will be! First time doing it in 6 months
which one
anyways Im gonna order another Taylor Swift vinyl
not fun
Im gonna go in tomorrow to fix it but ya
kms
kns
forgot to clock out of work tonight
I uh
I just saw someone on tiktok headcannon Taylor Swift as queer and autistic 😵‍💫
Im doing amazing at the event
good enough 😴
oops forgot abyss
never
It makes it funnier TBH
Im 99% sure it is
IS THAT CARLY RAE JEPSEN??
i support it
rebooting in his top era
lol
caked up tate
did you hook up with him or somethin
slay
omg baban in his homophobic arc
<@447218009749061632> are you a homo
baban is the straighest bro ever
I think he said cub
heki trans arc
trust
I am actually very sane
me
midresa
vodka mids
midseo
sorry I don't like cunny
kevmid
midbius
midchasers
midlysia
nothing
fucking men 3x his age
heki in his lana gay arc omg
I think I messed up step mom and mother in law
idfk
gotcha
Oh so you married heki
cause you were OUR child
or is it rebooting
am i married to tet now? what?
tet milf arc
damn
heki racist
how... how do you get that into school
heki, santa isnt real
no
no heroin in the bathroom
kids get back to school
heki is on cunny pills
I forgot
actually
yass meth lab time
probably adderall he gets from the kid with adhd
he would get shot trying to get some
and how would he get that?
heki maybe go sell some cans of soda for $1 at school to get some funds for your stupid ass decisions
LMAO
ngl I've only saved like 25k or somethin
Literally if you got Zhenyi, you could use PV FR Eden do good success
mmm sounds like you need Zhenyi before anything
Good idea!
Pull zhenyi ya
oh so fischl?
Sounds like you need HoH
aponia would not save your account
they're just sheep
dont let the meta slaves tell you otherwise
DJ>Midponia
using 7tr for LE dps
Just use fischl at that point
sorry not good enough
Take some yass pills
BE GAYER
7tr was nice to me
took me like 30k to get morb gear
not gay enough for them sorry
Mine is ice > fire > phys > lightning
no HoH for you
babanlao
Fr
51.7 pulls
LMAO THE 1 SCORE
nirvana heki when? Hmm?
mhm
skill and gear issue*
I will not slay!
if I get top 3 in abyss Im going into Nirvana again
prob HoT or HoS stamps
Hmm idek who I'd get
lots of ways
idk maybe go to sleep earlier
she kills TOO FAST!
asuka so meta!
ouch!
ty rebooting
dumb as hell
goddamn
wtf was up with that whole ip ban thing with discord
wait uh
he's your step bro
cringe
Imagine not being a they/them tho
L
Well
duh
I have pronouns in bio
my gender is ur mom and my pronouns are ur/mom
epi only likes he/hims
Asluag spa
FR time
ok I understand how kosma works now and SW feels fine ngl
my nonexistant v2v crying rn
double lightning week bitchass
wtf do I do for fucking kosma
has anyone seen Carv and the CEO of hoyo in the same room? No!
SP verse where all the St Freya crew lives happy and healthy and
guys su is the dendro archon!!
Yea su playable in genshin as the dendro archon!!!!
everyone know's its S rank Kevin
Carv in every beta cause he's an employee
omg carole gonna slay mei?
only development carole is gonna get from mihoyo is bleaching her skin
wtf is a coffee
Look at the Carole and her mom... yea. Hoyo sucks with that
I slept good as hell tonight sorry for your loss carv
carv is just chatting
Carole to herself
exponential growth!
Genshin Impact keeping white people alive forever
when will we get new npc skintones
you should see the comments on my tiktok
idfk
people want HB to die so bad for no reason
yea
uhh start with 240 bar so it helps with SP ig
SS queen
<@171082989046988800> I found my ponyta
no I hate poor people
😴
ok gn baban remember to stream Taylor’s new album on October 21st
maybe you can be #2
why did you even assume you were my #1 priority
Ur just not as important to me I’m sorry
its true I dressed like shit for your birth
me tomorrow after not sleeping tonight
excited
Im just
Im gonna sleep in a few min
bitch lemme get my vinyl
me when new taylor album fr
It was so worth it
look at how pretty the vinyl is
<:yippee:1002596802656223274>
Excited for a new album
Yay
Im just
It was $40 its ok!
I will with how much my bank account shrank
ok NOW I can sleep I ordered the t swift vinyl
6 minutes
🤡
my wallet is READY for taylor release rn
😭
Im dumb
fuck
only 11 more min
baban joker arc
I have school tomorrow
Staying up till midnight
NO
I CAN STAY AWAKE DW
omg wait maybe not sleep if taylor is gonna release a new song
L
gn baban have fun with calculus tomorrow
😴
Taylor won the VMA I can finally sleep omfg
uh
see I can get 47k on husk smh
good enough 😴
imagine having naked ice supports
6s>>>
heh I dont need to pull again
Im trying to make her function baban!
after all the emotional turmoil going on, I deserve it
also uhh pardo gear was on my side!
hi everyone !!
I have T but that’s it
should I roll for bastet
my tarot cards are fucking with me I think
right
Dumb
Its
Like wtf
Lots more but uh I'll spare ya
like DOES THAT NOT SEEM LIKE HE LIKES ME JUST THRU THAT
WHO TF COMES OUT LIKE THAT
LIKE HUH?
OK OK so this mf was like Awkward question but what do you think my sexuality is?
Do you wanna hear baban
what
LIKE
WAS SO WEIRD
THE WAY HE CAME OUT TO ME
THE THING IS
I wanna find a nice man
Nah bitches r easy
Still talking to him but like….
Because my friends say he has a visible crush on me, so much so even I saw it recently
It’s weird
y’all
I WISH
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Y’all I got rejected today LMAO
God, I hate my love life rn bc it’s messing with my sleeping
I have been trying to fall asleep for 2 hours and not even on my phone
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
I need to be up at 7:30 and it’s currently 1:50
fuck I cannot sleep this shit SUCKS
omg raiden buff? Bwidou buff?
sure, slay
neigh
i am horse
Idek what my chinese zodiac is
from anyone
Mine are typically positive
I gotta be the one to do something because he is anxious
I spend a lot of time with him in band camp so
It said to uhh be open to another person that I know
It has such good accuracy
Thats why I believe in it
Ive made multiple cry with it
Mine is extremely accurate
answer was neither
I asked it who of the love triangle I'm in that I should date
I use it to find answers where I cant find them anywhere else easily
multiple sources
I always use google too
this is so off topic I am sorry ab that but I love doing tarot
lol'
I havent even downloaded the update
omfg my marching band half time this year is themed of rock and roll
Man this 12 hour marching band day sucks
Candace slays wow
LOL????
marching band is 1-9 tomorrow
So Slay!
marching band too
tired
ik but
i forgot to do both raids...
Can I beg mihoyo to give back SS MA?
maybe 30 cents
the long awaited sequel!
LOL


Guys how much is this worth? 🥺
best at being boring ya
Stream??
IKR
idk
mmmm
except I would do HoF
omg i can stream it
should I do that run?
<@447218009749061632>
Good enough
45k?
FR
Dont put your kitty within biting distance and don't mald over Kosma
wise words from baban
pussy tight pussy clean pussy fresh
Imagine
LOL YA
getting shit scores too
YES
THE VID?
OH???
tell me about it tho
no my twt is just taylor swift
maybe like once or twice why?
<@447218009749061632> <@482139585355448333> <@171082989046988800> I did amazing
slay!
do you do abyss tona
how tf
(they are responding to a comment saying that it’s the truth that honkai is a meta based game)
smartest honkai lore player
AE meta
she only works in ice weather, mid and skipable
fr
Hmmm ya sure she wont beat HoF?
hepatitis
Its ok she has heph!!
Ah yea no felis = struggle bus cause SP
Midponia
So I feel their pain
I suck too
A3 here I cum
oof
deal
Someone wanna kill me?
Do kosma
I need to
… Kosma is gonna take me like 3 min to clear
turn it off then turn it back on! yea
I have great height!
Who needs to spend $60 on a new game when you can spend $50,000 on a f2p game
Felis 2 pay
She does! Even on couatl
Felis is our IMG herrscher
We need Psy phys herrscher
Omg Vill-V free on anni?
😭
FR is my best qua and my HoT is S0
Wait next week isnt too bad????? HUH??
Im already tired of this MA whats next week? (idfk how to fight kosma)
I have to figure out how to fight a new boss? Kms
I uhh am not pulling for morbmaid at all
Mid soon?
65F
I always wear long sleeves cause my work is always like 65 istg
time to fuck off with genshin again
I got fischl skin
Love that tbh
They’re all in my comments 😭
HOW DID MY VID END UP ON RUSSIAN TIKTOK??
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
my tuition also increased by like 50%
I still am putting off my $200 textbook
HoH is your textbook huh
ya
So
12 shells
I have uhh
yes
I want fisch outfit
ugh I need to speed run this event
he topped up some but S0 ely full gear and 2* elf
yayy my tiktoks are doing okay again
Damn
Calc right?
thx baban
I have 8k steps to get in tonight 😴
omg quavana carv
sounds amazing tbh
what if I wanna be in the wrong reality? Hmm?
oopsie
At like 14k
Im uhh
had to go extra with it lol
<@213811388546678794> here
sing happy birthday to alice
We should
no
I got work at like 11am
🫡
how dare you betray me like that????
bitch
when
wake tf up
fr
But I like this shirt cause it makes my waist look good
I used to be a big ari fan
Ik ik
Im a verse and I’m wearing it
Well
LOL
Would a bottom wear this??
ye just making a joke dw
Taihen knows I’m a daddy dom top
I got that sweater for like $14
Ik I was making a joke
How would you know?
LOL
thanks Ik Im cute
This fit slays tho, very androgynous so i love it
Im tall as hell
The only issue is height
I rlly love sweaters tho
it isss but its too hot for sweaters rn
I love this look tho
this is like the most feminine I can pull off tbh
yaa
Im too tall for unisex
I can look quite feminine with different shirts/pants n stuff
Its more facial structure
I look way too masculine so I try to balance it out
But I have my personal preferences on how I look
I know it does
that’ll be years from now but ya
so
I wanna be androgynous but shaving is too time consuming
: /
Hairy is more masculine
Thats why
I am non-binary
I’m a hairy person sadly
my hands arent skinny but meh
😭
LOL
?
I’ve dealt with fat hands too I get it
Solid hands there
Sure
Just only on mobile
I am not gone
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
😭
taihen
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
ur hands?
Hello
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
I already have a collection of stuff I couldn’t sell
Smh
it’ll be worth less but eh
<:FelisPowah:987144732897603614>
Hmm I could sell it right away after I use the access code
like the ebook itself isnt for sale anymore
my fucking professor is making us buy a goddamn book that I'm not gonna use the physical copy for but it's the only way to access the ebook
me neither
I actually now kinda wanna SSS NS
EXACTLY
improved my run. NS = amazing gorgeous perfection
NS
guys NS is so meta!
Well his parents only have 1 disappointment at least
quavana
No PE issue
mmm
this is so heki core
just like me fr
Bidet jail
Not sure?
It was okay
ya
he went to sleep
<:Balls:1003273279265570866>
I might try harder later
slay ig
Almost
That’s horrible, I’m sorry that happened
I think this is the first time I’m not buying BP in a while
Slay
I need felis gear
would this be better for you <@781539392039682058>
Kagdiabekcheijsnslaidvajs
Im indecisive and it’s funny
omg is this mondstat? Who is the new character?
when did you become a meta slave
L
heki uhh get the coco one because coco = good
Mhm and not a single one to answer heki so you may overestimate
bitch who fucking plays that game
Everyone is just bait for HoE if you think about it enough
Rest well! Hoping the best for you
HI3 is a life style
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
Just use SP
Wouldn’t be surprising
Idk but he typically makes bad decisions
Heki trying to make everyone be like him and roll Vill-V
Minimum ya
Hey rebooting make sure to take it easy and put yourself first, no need to feel bad about not talking here or anything. Just focus on rest and recovery
S3 isn’t enough to run her dps
Vill-V propaganda
I love Dota 2
SLAYYY
slay
Its okay we can use violence in our Communist revolution
Nicer. Not nice
ur violent to everyone at ur school
baban is mean lately yea
fenri is the worst
epi too violent
LOL
Idk why a tiktok of someone shipping Peter Griffin and Quagmire from Family guy is so funny
Cynthia 5s in all
omg honkai reference?
cause you’re too rebellious of a child
Rebooting has been rubbing off on you huh
Wow thanks
Idk your mom?
card game dumbass
Join the anime club
epi too anxious
exalted is scawy 🥺<:Terismol:994096001197543444>
me too
People of course are still gonna come with the *My team is Elysia, Vill-V, and Bronya is it good?*
may be not super popular but helpful for some
I have played the event so I know story so Im not missing too much
So
its ok cause I own the outfit already and Im missing out on... 100 crystals
I uhhh havent been doing haxxor event at all OOPS
They should stream this 💖💖
bruh ghostwrote that
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
maybe interrupting conversation?
I will if you ever have an andrew tate phase
I didn’t disown him yet
<@447218009749061632> how should we pur fenri down?
make him ride “a small world” in disney 200000 times
Fenri next?
My dad is dead
you only wish you were (with other people’s cum)
Baban will be thrilled
Otakus r flops
fr
I like big man titties
bruh can
exactly
they’re adults bruh won’t like that
they’re barefoot
slayed
It's a singing technique
Leave mixed voice until later
SF is fine with burst speed wise ~~if you can ever get enough SP for it~~
<:yippee:1002596802656223274>
you only have yourself to blame
They’re almost cute
End = 9S MA
sadly yes its stage 4 brain cancer
LMAO
a2 = nirvana 2
Baban is anti english class
See I ate a lot as a kid too ~~but I just got fat~~
yum
remember when genshin fans did that on twitter?
They’ve died once they can die again
damn Im lazy
midlysia
<:ElyD:997498261021671524>
slay
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
LOL
My date is a year older
No idk how old the abbreviation is
They’re also only a year older
Ur fine
non-binary
Also we’re max homo cause we’re both enby
Also not a conservative so slay
also apparently didn’t know the taylor swift goat meme
Theatre person
Uhh
Pretty nice
They’re taking me to a concert
It’s gonna be a 2nd date
Nah
I need to talk to my boss to get a day off for a date
smh the evidence was deleted
so surprising
I wanna find baban racist
whats that bot, like ,..?
mmmm
heki arc fr
This randomly came across my twt feed
do I look like I fucking know?
Ur in your Heki arc
I haven’t looked into it enough and baban making me scroll
this might be satire
ur gonna make me dig thru this person’s twt
if I can find it
Twitter is so vile
the context of this is that a writer made one of their characters non-binary. This person also claimed “They are a californian girl cosplaying as a japanese man”
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Mid Anchora
I don’t have her either
Aslaug DA makes sense tbh
I’ve been groomed Not fun.
Not sexually. Cant you fucking read
You shouldn’t be interacting with adults (sexually) if you’re a horny minor. It’s best not to for many reasons
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
You’re just a liar
Im also attacking fenri
you were just in daddiesandtwinks
what happened with er?
half a second
nah
Hu Tao simp to lolicon is a slippery slope
bruh why are you here, thought you were too busy looking at loli hentai
Anyways I said what I said and you can’t change my mind
Ely’s gonna kills HoE I just know it
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Kiana could NEVER serve cunt like Elysia can
nah ely slays
Hot Take but Elysia>Kiana
I thought you meant Elysia
unbased
Dudu’s story is interesting too
L
every iteration
Xingqiu a better strategist than Kokomi
very much so
v2v has a better story but far more annoying
she just feels kinda bland as a character
Nah kokomi is mid but v2v is def worse
Elysia solos most of genshin
Kokomi>V2v
Vill-V is a has been
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
LMAO
Omg kokomi it/its pronouns
The whole strategy against kujou was stupid ngl
too bad she’s bad at that too
are you autistic coded 🥺🥺
she’s nowhere near worst character (like xiao and scara) she’s just… meh
But I just find her annoying af and when has she ever been a good leader in the story?
Like she provides great hydro uptime and ttds
She’s a fine character
Idc she’s annoying
kokomid
yass
and they fell for it every time
this was posted before 2.2
already on it
my gaming account only has like 800 followers dw
I already am this is my other tiktok account
how tf did I typo something so bad
Its lovely
I dont remember who made this but its still funny
sadly that was the best I had back then LOL
Now THIS is a throwback
It was the best I had...
how about… Newt B IO
I think already locked HoF
No HoT either
it was before SW
I was broke not dumb
Also only 2/3 zhenyi
Aslaug AE was a time
Now here’s an awful throwback
Yea I just interact with you people tbh
I remember when I used this on dxy once
Arc City has a lot of genshin players
too op
😭
the phoenix LOL
throwback to when I first broke through
I finally have 3 zhenyi so I probably can do well
I think I broke thru around 5.1
Im lvl 88 rn
idfk
I retain RL pretty fine rn
good enough <:Bedge:990510746238611527>
I mean I’m not at much of an advantage with only having SS Eden and Fischl
<@447218009749061632> who’s winning now?
I dont want the FBI and CIA finding me
don't let anyone know
<@447218009749061632> I am finally no longer dying
Once I have my pri for HoT maxed sure
Still you could do better
oh shit for some reason I thought you had rank ups
and I have S0 HoT
But by 11 points
yes
you could get a better score smh
her design definitely says more “petite adult” then “old person trapped in child-like body”
thats prob why it’s “underage drinking” to them or somethin
something about “she gets physically younger when she dies and resurrects” or something it’s stupid cause she definitely still physically and mentally an adult
perfect timing hei
if hoyo was concentrated on that audience, there’d be a lot more children with even more revealing clothing
hoyo’s worst cases of loli bait is the vodka twins imo
I mean they aren’t concentrating on them but I bet that dendro arcon definitely made to cater towards them in mind 😴
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
vore?
maybe if you didnt sow their mouth shut :/
aster you are getting more violent
this wont last long
slay anyways
educate yourself and others, try your best to remedy the current situation for yourself
escapism doesn’t help fix the current living situation
if walmart was a country it’d probably be top 50 worth
Literally its facist and facist lite
and both of them are capitalist
Anyways communism definitely isn’t perfect but much more slay than flopitalism
it means person who thinks they’re politically superior by “not choosing a side” but they’re stupid
are you a fucking libertarian or something
capitalism sucks ass
common fenri L
Im watching a slay queen show
fenri being weird
society still deems them weird you are still weird
Nope
they are weird. You are weird
yes
Not enough for vtuber avatar
Your disposal income goes to gacha and sometimes an extra treat
Mmmm
You’re too poor to have vtuber avatar
Its false
I know everything
You’re not
by Radiohead
yea it is
I know everything
not facial
body hair
omg loona
<@447218009749061632> come get your bf
fenri stop posting cringe
I know everything <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
fenri has more hair
fenripox is the worst disease known to man
cause of death bacterial infection from Fenri’s unwashed hand
rip pilgrim harry tbh
<:concern:966623298639261746>
fine
Naur
(pretend its there)
there’s nothing wrong with him :MomTao:
baban staring at his phone after spending all his crystals and no ely
SW is my best pulls to date
me too
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
even if she wasnt I’d still skip
baban gonna get morbmaid skin and then have not enough savings 🥲
Mmm sure
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
owo 8ball will baban get HoH
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
owo 8ball is hei dead
<:life:1001518241610485781>
well… it’s a score
Xiangling best pyro dps
wait was 2020 CN anni 4.3?
probably someone extremely overpowered
Maybe 6.1 SP valk that is better than Pardo? With like really good gears and mini spending with lots of goodies
Unless….
Oh there will be
for real cause they’ll be worthless if you have 2* dudu, klein, or ely
fuxi is so cute I still want her
Elf Ely Cutest = Best
wow
<:GriseoD:974851955446927390>
??? cezanne B??
playing honkai like genshit fr
This 6.0 and 6.1 thing is a fucking mess
Vill-V spending
Slay
midv
skip morbmid skin go for Herrscher of Peak
<:Hmmge:1002519669569228831>
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Should've stanned loona from the beginning to stop anything from happening
true
Chris chan wouldn't have been brought to court if she stanned loona!
<:worryweird:987958026071834634>
hope hell isnt too hot for him
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
S0 SW too 😭
not having bastet is so fun
I am concerned for my well being tbh
you ever gotta do 12 hours at marching band camp?
You wouldn’t download a house
<:suswokege:966623262912163850>
destroy his main acc
wtf
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
did you get him HoS
That floors so easy
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
We say fuck government and just anarcho communism all the way baby
I think
I hate government
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
the only games that need to be banned are Genshin, Valorant, League of Legends, and Overwatch
Government be like: Mmm games are the problem in society today not our shitty policies and leaders
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
maybe stay on that grind baban
L
idc I love green tp
but its for teri
Ok teri simp
heki I'm not taking advice from you
should I roll for the next bastet banner so I can have a better ely
LOL
WHY DOES THE GIF HAVE SKADI WHAT
HoF trash SPA better smh
SS MA is dying and so is HoF
Not big gacha
what if 6.1 is a bunch of free shit
what if
easy skip
So true
CN gets 20k GLB gets 2k and a skin box (the free ones from events)
I'm gonna need bastet too huh
Elysia too pretty to skip
sorry
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
as long as you dont use 3 in 1 shampoo
gn children
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
I don’t wanna pull a carv
I should get some sleep my god I’ve stayed up too late
Now
not my fault
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
Truly I am a match maker
The loving Band Couple is gonna stay together forever 💖
I hope not
I am a good person wdym
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
maybe it needs a reset
this is a cunny server

this is my only 2nd language I know smh
good
I know how to speak SZA does that count
orbits stay winning
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Im a white american, you think I know shit about any other languages
omg its xiaoven irl
adam and steve omg
perfect for each other
Maybe next time dont be a lolicon
fenri too evil to be a himbo
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
the only married couple is Keilo and Taihen
we’re shipping luna and fenri
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
my job here is done
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
I thought you liked Himbos?
you’re not married yet
well you’re dating luna now
Your first mistake was playing roblox
fen have you been lurking this whole time?
slur agains trans people
Cant handle that
Im just too pretty for them tbh
I’m nonbinary so they aren’t necessarily wrong
cause Im serving cunt
Or call me a tr*nny
think I’m pretty
People on there love me
I should go on omegle again
LOL NO
I receive way too many
sadly
she’s lying to you
Ur mom
it is evil
baban grindr is very entertaining trust me. You’ll love it once you turn 18
isnt she so pretty?
its my only source of validation smh
oh grindr is horrible yea
tiktok meme
Its a fucking
this isn’t the bad places I was talking about
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
<@447218009749061632>
Like vegan teacher and cheryl
yes you two are the perfect couple
The server probably would avoid your table at all costs
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
you deserve fenri 💖
thats happens to me all the time too
you called andrius and mitachurls hot
cmon hop in the car we’re going to the vet
no
if you’re a dog can I euthanize you?
and neko is a cat irl
<:wokege:966623232918712331>
Thats zoophilia straight up
🤪
yknow I must be attractive so many men on grindr ask for my ass pics
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Virgin band kids are better than aggressively horny band kids
Which I gotta say
I was a virgin band kid
makes sense
Its like the 2 band kids making out in the hallway
thats what makes it special
baban help me with a ship name
whats the ship name
omg new ship
probably 6 feet under
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
omg ur dating fenri???
I’ve had a relationship last over a month (lying)
spreading misinformation on the internet is fun
<:duduL:963697489179975710>
Call me raiden shogun cause Im stealing your visions
… I have 20/20
being gay isnt a disability anymore
taihen horny for anything
LMAO im jk its 3 years
tell that to the age gap they have with their gf <:deadge:975652771082698782>
aster be careful of this cub
cause hes a pedo
sure… suree
gay people go to hell so true
hey baban do you think fen is a shotacon?
like a lolicon but with boys
fen has always been a shotacon
tiktok cringe
<@447218009749061632> proof me snd the balldeer r in love 😜
wow my fyp either really loves or hates me
Can be taken either way
or big dude no hair
cub is mini version of big hairy dude
big hairy dude
Cub is like a mini bear if you know what that means
look it up
fenri probably a cub
Just be careful and don’t end up in bad places like I did
About?
You kids should just be careful being sexual on the internet, especially in spaces with adults. It can turn ugly quick
<:PepeCreepySmile:997000107297865809>
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
Dont worry when I was your age I was getting groomed online
you children are unhinged istg
<:sussge:968897150249484389> <:sussge:968897150249484389>
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
dalao ranking
I want uwu smh
how does it feel?
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
cause my HoT scored higher than urs
then… you have skill issue
you could’ve scores higher
so dalao
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
finally… over 47k
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
you need to delay your high damage rot until husk is halfway thru 7x bar btw (thats when he sits down)
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
mines s0
this is what Im using <:KekPat:966625000339668993>
thats what I say when I score a 600 <:deadge:975652771082698782>
Clock is the worst
Baban is very obviously hetero. He only likes chicks duh
idfk but its like that for this one
Well just make sure you start your full rotation at the halfway of 7x bars
hmmm
Maybeee you have SP issues?
LOL

<@447218009749061632> do you think you can match this
Okay so I was trying to find a good ref but all probably do too much dmg uh
Probably doesnt
a2 retainer
it should be
Thats what improved my score cause I always messed up that timing
you gotta be specific about the timings on both Fischls ult with the hitcount shield and also the first big burst of rotation
SO what you gotta do
Abysslao
jk I can help ya
Get good
Well it’s a better score <:deadge:975652771082698782>
amazing
Too busy binging netflix to care about abyss
I’ve been
exactly
just focus on not gaming
Para on Sushang lasts .2 seconds
Its just the boss that is annoying
Im using HoT
Because you can only do your rotations in short windows
Also Husk just isnt fun
I got 540 😭
babanlao how did you score so good
money doesn’t buy you brains
lots of fun
ohh you’ll have fun
Depends on if you can skip the shade phase with SW I think
does not slay hard enough
SS Eden
lvl 60 7tr pri S0 HoT
I’m using HoT 😭
being in a bracket full of aponias is very fun
But QTE trigger! Too op
idk I heard its the new topscore on SSSS Jizo
guys new dalao strat dropped
the 1k hitcount
imagine being poor
I cant believe people actually think that HoF is trash tho
HoF = trash and a flop
just use Ely Spa or HoT to clear those
12 million other psy dps and spa better fire dps
HoF trash
no you dont get it
Who needs HoF
SpA is obviously best fire dps
hilariously mid
so nice of you baban
wow
<:suswokege:966623262912163850>
late to the party but got SS cunny <:PoV:986417344060465183>
well this is improvement
Lmao I was redownloading genshin on my laptop and the progress reset...
You both need time together and apart
Maybe take this time as a respite for yourself as well
I totally get that
They should’ve let you know for sure about it but maybe dont worry about them!
eh sometimes people need a break from the internet
maybe I should’ve gone for Aponia <:deadge:975652771082698782>
did you misgender them again or something?
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
… 2 lightning top scorers?
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
against SK too
ruby gets guac and steak <:deadge:975652771082698782>
Durita is just perfection
awww
Balding makes it more fun
Just have Cezanne T
I still need SS griseo actually
Smh should’ve rolled
Dw you’re fine
I said it is hot girl shit not is it
It is hot girl shit tho
took forever for neko lol
It just
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
I just am not a fan of bwaap tbh
I need to do the event still smh
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
amazing
Anyways….
fenri maybe you need the cunny role
he just wanted to taste some cunny 🥺
he was just a minor attracted person it’s different 🥺🥺
baban is not internet savy
Someone has an alter of him I know it
I mean he did deserve to be fired lets be honest
just dumb af
people are
ikr
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
mans is 32 he's not gonna be online all the time and understand why tf he shouldn't post these edits
so he did an apology then did it again cause within the backlash no one even ever told him why he was wrong
wanna know whats funny
but he isnt going around personally segregating schools n shit
like ya its based on stereotypes of a black woman for sure
like this
do you know those hot cheeto girl edits that were going around a few years ago?
they also act like another va is a raging racist when he posted a racially insensitive edit
why are they so overreactive about the stupidest shit
no but like
fr
its just so asinine
like goddamn
ikr
and people are like I'm gonna stop supoort hoyo unless they fire them <:TeriMald:973795215045455872> 
its just a stupid comparison
bruh
like
for responding to a comment telling someone you sound like my abusive ex lol
they're mad at paimon's english va
so basically
does anyone want to hear about the newest stupid controversy genshin tiktok has
does this guy know that mobius exists?
<:duduL:963697489179975710>
Mobius is obv the best answer for the first 2 stages
Try this team
exactly
... you still start with 90 sp
I used FR (Lead) HoT and PV
For boss stage
For the side stage???? 50% fire up?
HoF/AE/Pardo?
The fire one??
Honestly I used FR over my 4/4 eden so… not a bad idea
wdym Im a HoR ice dos main and she does so well against Kallen? Dont try and tell me how to play
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
baban isnt weirdo enough to bomb a school
no Im just in a bullying mood
shut up lemme demonize baban
Helicopter
you see the fucking rotors on that bitch?
Isnt it technically a helicopter
Still better than Twilight Palamid
Kafka TM for BKE nad Hekates for SA
I'd rather put phase shifters towards useful valks
Because I have no need to max Kafka B
Every other mech valk is mid besides WC
thats why you use WC
TP is just a worse BKE anyways
At least I good valks beside my TP
<@447218009749061632>
green teri teri is good idc
Im always based
only griseo mains are valid
yes
how tf do you not know ab it
main in honkai = trash
how old are you again?
All gay people know are AIDs sex and grooming
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
And they're right
Shinji is bi but goddamn their fling is short
Besides Rachel is a bitch so obv thats not a romance
doesnt mean the MC likes her back smh
but if anything the 2 guy best friends are gay to me
I actually havent read far enough for romance
Jk I wish
Tower of God
BNHA only good anime
Mid
tet is too indie in cool for anything popular
Gay men only know sex smh. They are demons with no feelings
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
I hate BLs cause Im homophobic
basically straight woman who fetishizes gay men
Yea
omg is that bruh?
Horny for dead people wow
I wanna pop Aponia’s balloon tit implants
Murder is that sin for me
I want hoe ely
Maybe Diavoros IS HI3guy
“No mei its fine I killed the rest of your sim friends now lets make out”
so many smol teris
Flamechaser CG where HoEgo Ely kills all the flame chasers in a final battle
Kiana = flop
himeko deserved better
Thats why purple is often associated with royalty
No, purple was the first color that clothing dye was made of it. They were able to crush specific slugs (and a lot of them) in order to make a garment purple
Purple has the most interesting history tbh
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
existed
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Sure
Fen stop fucking things up
Mod abuse
LMAO
basically the dollar is going up faster than yours
its going down because the U.S. is currently having a big inflation problem
skill issue
…
It depends on the kind of dough
PIZZA?
When it’s a 9S phys week
I cant wait to cry
Jizo is such a fun boss 🤪
She has #2 on hitcount
uh
uh
she has uh
wdym
Slay
how does it end up
mid mid and mid are in a team
they’re all trash ass valks?
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
mmm I’ve already been bullied enough thank you very much
who needs bullying
Thats so mean
honestly me too
delusional
are
These kids
exactly
“It’s griffin” that man types like a typical millennial and this typing is quite clearly gen z 😭
omfg why do they think its some VA thats doing it, like it’s obviously some underpaid intern
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
He'll still have the stain on his legacy
Omg not bidet jail
why
yass hotf so meta
😭
yea!
Oh at the school I graduated from one of the teachers slept with a student
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
Both of mine were irl I could never do long distance 😭
It’s always good to double check with friends/families about partners
I’m just in the talking phase with 2 people rn and I’m chilling, taking things slow before I ask for a relationship is 100% the way to go for me
<@482139585355448333> ❤️
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
which one of you queers was this
It was only a month for me
My last breakup I was the one to breakup and I did it over text <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
dont question it
after your ice cream incident that's my headcanon smh
See heki is single now so he doesnt even have a taste tester
sure
you can measure in gallons or whatever
taihen how much cum have you tasted
I don’t like the idea so I’m not gonna endorse it nor steal it
So if you can’t guarantee good flavor then you cant sell it
exactly
taihen doesn’t cum’s taste vary wildly from person to person
and also cum wildly varies in taste depending on person
Its not Jiafei products
These are not sexy Jiafei products so no one will buy them
Thanks! I cvmmed!
no but stanning loona can!
Drink better then Jiafei's Products? It will make you cvm instantly
what if I dont want to cum
with the spoon from his crying ice cream era
Abyss but time fracture matters pretty much
and I don't want it to be abyss
Its just Abyss 2.0
SSSS boss bad, SSS Good
L o l
Idk she's just not PE ig
Okay wowuh
ON HELLMARU?
HOF
ARE YOU USING
I still dislike tona bc idek how to fight it
FIREWORKS STIGS
Ouch
Which is
my score is 46992
always have like 0 phase shifters
I literally
<:Terismol:994096001197543444>
gimme phase shifters then
Yea, and lack of att
It was just dmg issues
I actually had no SP problems
Fischl has enough SP lol
At least FR’s personal dps help make up for my HoT’s lvl 60 pri
that extra vulnerability would be nice tbh
idk if Im skill issuing this but my scores feel bad
got a 743 with this <:deadge:975652771082698782>
lvl 60 pri moment
thats better than me ima kms
be a dickrider just like maincord
just get a better spa
Maybe if you had SS2 FR you'd be okay
You are fucked
So
Epi's cope team is better than yours
You might be fucked
If not her
try HoF
mmm
Heki who are your mech dps
Don't think so?
I uh
Oh ya and your spa sucks <:deadge:975652771082698782>
you want at least ss2 <:deadge:975652771082698782>
Ok ya so with your FR’s rank you’re not gonna be doing well
heki are you in RL rn?
this is... RL right?
heki what do you need help with
Im in 3rd <:deadge:975652771082698782>
DW my RL is only slightly better
omg is that a3
mmm
better ig <:deadge:975652771082698782>
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
or they’ll take your kneecaps
try again
wheres keilo
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
I have only done the first quest for the even <:deadge:975652771082698782> barely get on genshin these days
slay 🤪 I should deadass sleep now fr

<@964806731471405086> this is kinda embarrassing since its not the best recording at all and my voice is SHOT rn so Im not redoing it but I found the cover
It’s an acquired taste tbh
😭
Omfg I did a cover of that once
.., evnreligious
I remember I performed august for Aoi and Fen when we did Karaoke for some god awful reason and they asked if I wrote it 😭
I love Justin Vernon 😭😭 I actually sing almost as deep as him so he’s very fun to sing along with
Its not a cult, it is simply a lifestyle
amen 🙏🏻
Be led toward the light child and bathe in its glory to be anointed and freed from your shackles
Listen to evermore it’ll change your life I promise 🙏🏻
I’m hoping so too!
mmmm I cannot say the same here 😜
It’s one of my favorite songs
didn’t for me rlly
well, hopefully that works out for ya
very fun and funky and fresh and happy 🤪🥱
“Honey when I’m above the trees, I see this for what it is. But now my eyes leak acid rain on the pillow where you used to lay your head”
reminded me of a very fun and happy lyric
me using that
oof
🤪
maybe its time to hit the pillows
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
I’ve been close to these friends since 2018 so us falling apart hurts
its a good thing cause like none of my irl friends talk to me anymore
Would’ve started that hobby earlier too
I would own more records if I never got into gacha
I’d definitely be a few hundred dollars richer
I’d definitely have more money lol
I wonder how my life would be if I never picked up genshmid
Genshin is a flop
projection dont worry about it
Twas defending you dw
jackass
not grandma
baby would be either mother, father, or gender neutral parental term that idk of yet
Pulling the hoes = pulling lots of people at the same time
Hoe is someone (can be derogatory) that has multiple sexual partners
where tf you get grandma from
Baban is my child
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
🥱
Baban doesn’t even have a bf to be doing anything scandalous with but look at you
Projection fr
L
giving out good rates cause she knows she's getting SKIPPED
You got Fen and Heki
Baban has all the hoes
Idk what people are on but I am gonna stay tf away from that
just saw someone ship Tao, Kazuha, and QIQI on tiktok I am gonna kms!
I will take 2 of boobs ice please
getting 500 followers on tiktok = famous and better than everyone else
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
😭
LMAO
wow
Hehe I got full Linn
pull yourself up by your bootstraps ❤️
But Queen Mobius solos
HoF is good yes
so she's new and original
Only been done before by floptom iron
and green lightning
and SHE HAS NO SHOES
And look so sexy doing it
She literally can do half of the SS MA in 0-1 second(s)
Mobi is the best valk ever created tbh
Mobi>>>
LMAO
She's like NS level!
forbidden
this player isn’t in EX but shitting on genshin so>>>
genshin is scawy tbh
<@447218009749061632> lets binge this
I could also see how ppl on omegle react to my covid infected mess of a look
Depends on if #3 is busy
Well
true
Cause Im broke ass bitch
and do the trial for it
I COULD download it
but what if
break the prophecy and play without rebooting
<@447218009749061632> we should play princess tower
triple hell
I’m gay so I’m in Hell :/
at least I’m feeling well enough to be in a vc again
miss the slays
<@447218009749061632> wya
man I miss the vcs tbh
tiktok is true peak intellect
It’s canon, I saw it on tiktok
Himeko’s boring straight half died but her girlboss yass half got ripped away after the HoV incident so she was floating in the sea of quanta for a while but her girlboss yass side has finally gotten on her feet again and ready for round 2 against the honkai (with no more poisoning)
yup thats the new act!
Ah so its SP BR augment Himeko, got it
I wonder when 6.0 beta will come out
Oh no I have! This is even more impressively gay
This is the gayest thing you’ve done ngl
AND she's better than Ash
I just love Cynthia
Fr Cynthia is too girlboss and too slay queen to lose
No
SHE IS THE QUEEN
BEAT HIS ASS CYNTHIA
CYNTHIA IS MY QUEEN
Cynthia better slay idc
Coffee is only good with a fuck ton of sugar
Listen to me
Im a vet player
LMAO
Maincord ppl deserve death!
Vill-V enjoyer
time to shit on whack
<:Bedge:990510746238611527>
Shitting on v2v
LOL
all I remember was that SSS v2v wasn’t at the top
Japanese is such a kawaii desu language! I just love japanese people 💖🥺💖
also we kinda took over cn gameplay discussion lol
Specifically western jp users
yes
People are just weird and whack
Lets be real we know people fetishize japan with anime and kawaii culture so thats why people always insist for JP dub
So kawaii! 🥺 Desu 🥺
whack…
We call those people weaboos (derogatory)
lots of it is just fetishization lol
I switch between JP and CN because I don’t wanna get bored of either
<:suswokege:966623262912163850>
I sleep during story
some people are me
I only like quarter pay attention to the story and even I can tell its not filler
Goddamn
dating sim?? where did you get that from, tiktok?
Honestly tho fucking this isn’t filler if they’re revealing the whole past and doing HoC arc like hello
Now we wait
LOL I SEE
Im gonna do that rn
I mean also new DK is just rlly good too
gotta slay today
Also happy yass day
you dont love all the promotional emails you get sent on your birthday?
slay
not bad for first try
see me and the one commenter are buddies
and unless its cryo resist enemies, it's either Ayaka or Ganyu
Its situational who's the best dps lol
Ayaka vs Ganyu debate is situational but they're top 2 for sure
oh I know the original commenter
how-
amazing work
But thru text like this I do kinda get misunderstanding shit
Especially in the form of songwriting so Im a big person on reading comprehension
I love poetry tbh
Rip
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
Sure
Heki has... FR dps
lvl 60 pri for me
Probably not but that's fine rn
Okay since I got full gear HoT team, but only s0 HoT and SS Eden
Yea idk how I'll perform on mine
Honestly I cant stand gacha and thats why the only gacha game I play rn is honkai
LMAO “are you fat”
you’re almost never calm
heki…
try FR
its the helicopter bitch that gets killed by HoT
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
If they do then post that tutorial
do people need to know how to do that?
and if you have crusty musty dusty ass no chapstick ass lips then no one wants to see it
I saw your face reveal already
I do enjoy shawarma when I have it
isnt shawarma like the style the meat is cooked with?
“Guys we’re actually changing Honkai Impact 3rd to be just a genshin reskin! Thank you for your time I know you will ~~hate~~ love it!”
taihen feet reveal when
👁👁
summer griseo
exactly
VKE aug core yes
himeko deserves better
its cause they have to carry the children now xx
I remember doing zumba on the wii
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
genshin is only good for taking up space and collecting dust
the best part of each hangouts are not doing them
so close to 47k
L
aster is a minor
just sleep the whole time
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
Its too hard 🥺
ignored iirc
yass
maincord always has great content tbh
timido ugly I change her name its canon im hoyoverse
timido is ugly
mmm okay
Been sleeping on it
idek what the best team/teams are for apho 2 lol
hornknee jail for minors should've been detention
Lol
Just use FR
there's sync levels
+10 att
with only 56 metals kinda hard to use. Lets hope you got enough for judah when it pops in
not get +10 att
Sorry, 56 metals
Judah would've been a smarter decision for +10 attack
Literally Heki the torus wasnt worth cause you have 50 metals
you dont need 400 torus if you cant use metals anyways
FR is 1000% better with pri LOL
you don't have HoT
maybe you've gotten stupider over time
heki just get judah
with what metals
I have griseo so maybe I’ll just cope with no Paga tbh
I just finished it 😭
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
keep clicking not interested yet it shows up
dw my fyp shows me inflation kink shit
interesting
Well, it takes a while but you can usually at least minimize the presumed (not even factual) opinion others and just get things over with
Well, if you don’t enjoy it just don’t care about their feelings and rip the necessary tasks and socialization off like a band-aid
Didn’t you say you disliked everyone at the school?
If you dislike everyone, why are you so afraid of sharing?
I mean it is a simple little question so not bad
I’m finally watching stranger things 🤪
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
you need to spend 1k+ on building a PC or else you suck
Dw with 6.1 and 9S MA, they’re gonna make it so you have to clear all 3 SSS bosses with at least 47k to get any AL
6.1 is gonna bring 9s MA
of course he’s a genshin player
Lol
People are just stupid dw
bu..but its on the recommendation stigs 🥺
so dalao tbh
dalao
LMAO
Just like mine
hi high
I dont feel bad 🤪
slayed
my 2nd point made me decide to actually figure out the boss and get +100 score 😭
LMAO
full gear cunny?
first off be in RL second off realize that my previous score was beaten by a PE with columbus T theatre MB
finally decided to not have major skill issues lol
its giving incel
yea with dirac sea masters was harder but with new abyss (manifold maybe?) it’s easier
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
~~don’t mind me having a spending problem tbh~~
I would def have enough if I sold everything at max price
Typically don’t enjoy it
some people enjoy being called a whore
~~that being said if I sold my vinyl collection I definitely could buy that~~
this is why Im not buying or building a pc anytime soon
<:Terismol:994096001197543444>
Friends should always interrogate new partners
The answer is yes
what is it about
I like spending my money on other things and having enough for rent <:PiKek:973573411911659540>
PCs are so expensive I’ll stick to my laptop
<:worryweird:987958026071834634>
gay = bad
you have the cunny role for a reason
bruh likes little boys?
She's like theresa but if theresa was in the body of a 6 year old instead of a 12 year old
so far out of the sumeru characters I want only Collei
She definitely has the mentality and body of one, even if she isnt age wise it'd be wrong to consider her of age anyways
The only canon minors are Klee, Qiqi, Diona, and Sayu. I could see cases for some of the teen body types being like 16-17 but no ages are canon
Kazuha is most likely an adult
Kazuha is sexier too
Love her
Sucrose is so good too
he (almost) kills sucrose at c2
c2 kazuha is so good
just get c2
dendro archon....
Cute and powerful
I love Kazuha
his muscles are just larger, look at how he swings that claymore
Childe is a twink
he's twunk at minimum
the diluc outfit is very sexy
stan loona btw
Dw I know who blackpink is
I have yelan too
I havent cleared even the chasm quest
Wanna know what's bad?
this is gonna drop down soon
I loved the 1.1 event
Not yet but I kinda wanna do it
The 6 year old doesnt know how to do derivatives? L
calculus
❤️
Friendships come and go tbh, knowing when to let them go and moving on will help you in the long run. I get wanting back what once was but sometimes keeping things as a memory is best
You're still young don't worry, you'll make lots of friends if you want to in the future
Didn’t socialize much
Thats what I did with group projects I got with people I disliked
eh just do your part of the work and get it over with
good thing you dont have to make friends with people you do group projects with
but usually not too common
unless your class is fucked up
ah the once or twice a semester thing
ez
just fucking be silent and do the work
Then just idk put some headphones in if you can and not talk to anyone
20 is NOT boomer
high school is gonna be over with sooner than you know and you’ll be happy af to get out
just bullshit something I promise no one is gonna care
That’s what, 10 hours? You definitely did need that rest though
surprisingly even with covid I only slept like 7.5 hours last night
so this is how you fix your sleep schedule?
ask him idk
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
Im working on DKs
idk why
its like that for every valk but HoF LOL
I have full gear but shit affixes
an att issue on PE
I have
My score for otto isnt gonna be good so rip that
yass good enough
My runs were not good but e h
Super slay
My name is short
WAY TOO BIG
Omg down in the 60s smh
Im in like the 50s last time I checked
Not slay smh
but sadly overall ur not #1
Ppl have done SSS Otto
she was okay in MA (pre 9s MA) without 7tr at least
this is the best I can do without HoS strats smh
I cant even think what the weapon MA is 😭
hi
interesting
so are you gonna start associating with Heki’s dumb group again?
not a porn star
2 totally different things
LMAO
That'd be hella weird
Why would I make my mom a discord pfp
MY MOM?
It's an album cover
You wouldn't want to know
its heki it isn’t surprising
Yea
LMAO
L
if only I could use HoS on dxy
idek what Im doing for MA
LMAO
wdym baban is right there
why not 3 zhenyi hmm
LMAO
tet is just projecting
we’re giving rebooting advice on how to piss
I coughed up a lung and pissed out a kidney
yep I already am having organ failures today
sometimes you can push really hard
amazing
<@244423082045997057> do you like kids?
idk listen to energetic music too
break up with your girlfriend, yuh yuh, cause Im bored
Arigato Grande?
sure
GIRL YES!
<@244423082045997057> are you a swiftie
<@244423082045997057> will I survive covid?
Which arent even bad rn
Just sinus drainage and sore throat
Im feeling pretty good tbh
<@244423082045997057> are you attracted to adults?
Well, I got a lot of time locked in my room for the next few days
Idk if Im gonna get back into genshin
That sounds like a fun task
Machines can think for me
I use it constantly (that is, when Im even on genshin)
Yass the artifact optimizer is such a nice tool
interesting, thats gonna be a lot of def but Im gonna be honest idk whats most efficient on spindle
Pretty boy and he looks very androgynous
I love Albedo and he’s great for my Itto team
Oh running HoD on him them?
who are you gonna put that on
Uber Eats
Ah
duh
then get some
that song is a flop
I’ll also be saying hi to heki in agony 3
I’ll also say Hi to Elysia, Mobius, and Eden
I only have a few minutes left, I’ll finally get to be with himeko in the afterlife
my symptoms get worse by the minute, I can no longer breathe and all my senses are gone (I am feeling fine)
I got death in only 1 pull 😭
only cause rebooting was taken
<@468680026162724864> look
I got covid-22
yeah I’m dying
most deadly variant known to man
how dare they do that
ikr
Rebooting infected me with covid
Baban you will have to pay for the funeral
do you pronounce it gif or jif
and Im passing everything onto baban
I'm dying fen
In my will I shall pass everything onto my child and leave nothing for my ex-husband
what is that
oh fuck I gotta take my decongestant
I haven’t committed enough heinous crimes as an orbit to die tho
exactly
But I’ll write you my honkai and genshin acc in my will
Jk Im feeling decent
I lied
baban if I die do you want my honkai account
see at least I still have taste and dont like weird toys like Epi
<@447218009749061632> I am dying of covid
no, slay the boots down houston Im deceased
jesus died so you can slay
wdym you can farm at best decent valks
All just annoying
exactly
SSS bosses are a mistake to humanity
maybe Im fine with dying of covid
wow
dog!
I promise I’ll be fine, I’m honestly more worried about infecting others than anything to do with myself
Dw I did
Exactly! Ive only committed 4.5
I’m just gonna quarantine and chill, maybe binge some netflix or somethin
If I die from covid I will simply resurrect because that shit is embarrassing
baban don’t worry about me I wont die
I’m messing with you I feel fine ngl
Im just gonna sit n die from covid <:deadge:975652771082698782>
I have full cezanne I just suck
Yeah as a TP connoisseur you should do better smh
I suck at this boss
Im up to date on vaccines at least so I’m feeling fine but yea I gotta be safe
So far just like sinus issues + fatigue. Sleep excedrin and anti histamines helped
well I figured out what’s wrong <:deadge:975652771082698782>
It’s not fun but at least my workplace let me leave early to get some rest and meds
hi everyone, finally getting online cause I’m sick and took like an hour and a half nap <:deadge:975652771082698782>
the most f2p f2p ever
I’ve used all tbh
wtf
forbidden
wow
Went around tiktok and twitter
it was a few years ago but it was big trust
the cock destroyah
cause she’s a cock destroyer!
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
I want hard times with my fellow captains
Hard Times? Yes please
OH
🙏🏻
christian walker
I have a friend who struggles in A3
LMAO fr
it depends on placement iirc
be edgy and do reb00ting
Handel is my favorite baroque composer btw 🙏🏻🤪
baroquemusicpilled
rebooting has competition
I never disliked you either dw
Btw rebooting you dont dislike me the most anymore!
No sorry
She’s tied for best dps with Ayaka but if you dont like her whatevs tbh
Thats fine
I’m sorry I love Ganyu
LMAO
I forgot to do SSS BKE
oh fuck
just needed to break your silence
now THATS not the best first impression
damn
fr
Its like ER, you hate it but you just gotta do it
rip it off like a band-aid
just get it over with
On thursday though because thats when I kill kids
yass!
well I promise rn no one cares about this whole thing
Trust
it’ll be fine
Yeah no it sucks but whatever things change and you gotta change too
Im slowly losing my friendships from high school LOL
looks like the woman roblox head
😭
LMAO
James Charles IS a predator, even tho Jeffree spread her information they’re both shit people + Tati just wanted to do what was right
Tati was based
yknow what
Youll be fine
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
hi im epi and I play badminton
good enough
the whole server duh
new pfp?
give us a big smile!
LOL?
epi after turning his mic off
Show us those pearly whites <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
kick them in the balls and run
LMAO
hi my name is epi and I’m superstraight <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105> h h i i i hi m my nnnn name is e e epi <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105> Hi Im Epi, Im 15, and I like play videogames <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
<:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
“Hi Im Epi and I own 4/4 AE”
no one CARES enough about this shit
absolutely no one will ask questions
exactly
maybe something like star sign, basic af but something easy
Just say name and age
more than 5 minutes
I can help him on anything but the beatles
Be pretentious a bit
Just say shit like Stevie Nicks, Joni Mitchell, or the Beatles or something
Say uh you like music
epi how old are you
oh fr?
I like sucking big fat cocks, thats my hobby
Genshin Impact?
me writing a presentation as to why Taylor Swift is the best artist to ever grace the face of this earth 🙏🏻
Wow
Uh idk
Just take a still and set that as your screen
was she reading to kill a mockingbird LOL
I hate
EWW
only music classes
bc
Im excited for next semester
I dont think I ever hated any of my teachers or professors
Omg capitalist bitch
English teachers are either the best or worst people
yet we're *almost* all gay
I can't say shit I'm deadass white as a piece of paper
LMAO
I would bully that person!
did you fill it with screenshots from genshin impact
Epi, everyone is thinking the same thing as you and they think that this one moment is gonna determine the course of their life. Like introducing yourself in soc 203 isnt gonna impact your life much, trust me
Trust me, people are too anxious about themselves to even notice if you fuck up a bit
Only on thursdays
So mean to me tonight
you should also mention you frequently use discord!
I am very smart! Keilao said so
Hi I'm Epi and I'm a homosexual
lvl 55 pri issues
LOL
has shit att too
My FR
Yea see ya got me beat
ok so SS ranks?
so what A rank do you have with 1.4k+ att
carvwhel
exactly
HoF is my highest attack so its only downhill from there for me
wow such high attack!
slayed
exactly
right <@447218009749061632>
its OK TP carries and slays and serves cunt
nvm NOT close anyways whatevs its just rl
Not quite yet but close
could probs do better but idk im lazy
I just
I got full gear grishoe and I got PE Im good
well fuck!
trust me it spills over to discord and twitter
Yea I dont think darkening skin tones is really an issue
honestly usually the art is gorgeous
eh, depends on how its done
Eh, people change designs all the time for fun or headcanons so I don’t rlly mind if they darken skintones for that. As long as they don’t try and say “oh its canon” them whatever
I actually dont mind that unless it’s claimed as canon <:Bedge:990510746238611527>
Same here but if I had to make a choice
I’d rather talk to the twitter and discord honkai lolicons then the honkai tiktok freaks
and honkai content too
there’s so much misinformation there 😭 It’s the worst social media for genshin content
tiktok!
“Guys its ok elysia isn’t dead, Eden just revives her with the power of lesbian and them being girlfriends!”
Guys chapter 31 is actually gonna be an orgy between Mei, Mobius, Elysia, Eden, and Aponia my uncle's boyfriend works for mihoyo btw
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
imagine that on Mobius
Idek how to do that on phone so rip
Well
ah
Yea I only have a laptop 😭
Dont have a gaming pc or anything
I dont have room for honkai on my laptop
Im a mobile gamer
Im not into computer shit idefk what a bitrate is
so dmg issue still
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
Still, damage issue
Time issue?
why?
<@218762069338619906>
my dmg is so bad
😭
maybe
If I lose trophies
Its whatev
I do full breath yes
Just SS
Yea
maybe keilo can help me with abyss and truly see if its just att issue at this point
if only
True but I just... low att and dmg issue
I have weapon ~~unluck~~ luck
I have no metals
lower level gear
I also am rocking lower gear
I followed the rots and cuttiing some short helped BUT I still have dmg issue
I did better but still not good
I know I have a damage issue smh
Mmm I’ll see if I lack dmg
🤪
I have 😭
do it for me then xx
We both suck ass
slay
I have like 0 affix mats
You think its purely attack and affixes?
PHASE SHIFTERS OKAY DAMN IT
you’re gonna laugh at me
S0 HoT, only SS on Fisch and Eden
mine?
NA things
Ik
🤪
Im showing how bad my score is
😭
better than me
honkai is actually good and worthwhile to play smh
Fr (for real)
still hate BKE
It’s alright to take a break and make sure to have your personal orders sorted out before diving into a game
see this is why we need a cummunist revolution
she was groomed 😭
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
get him a coffee then fuck him
14k att
dps ae so good
keilo kinnie
God Kiana 😭
I should sink my balls into HoT 🙏🏻
I need TM for bke
Im just smart with my pulls
No dawai for me
do you wanna see my topup?
wheres the 7tr one for taihen
My flexing arc
first 10 btw
Idk what to use on HoT or Eden cause I already locked margrave on Heim
❤️
exactly like you then
Ice support being Bis for fire is sad
we do need another fire support
So theoretically timido could’ve been ignite support
So in APHO2 SW was phys dmg but in normal honkai she’s ice
no no no hear me out
Wait timido couldve been our Ignite support smh
Just ask Diavoros
Never let you go is what I did them all 🙏🏻
Captainverse Himeko
I wonder who would win in a mech type counter weather… HoT or HoF
I’ll keep my stance of that she just needs new supports and she’ll easily be back in Abyss
We’re acting as if she still isn’t the best fire dps, she’s lacking good supports
HoF needs a DK
so is DA
Heavy emphasis on the future S ranks btw
should’ve saved that luck for Vill-V or future S ranks smh
It was not good tbh
omg just like your bf
<:wokege:966623232918712331>
You got this taihen!
Dw I used gacha weapons to make cubes for 7tr
what if someone wants to be in their bimbo arc?
seggs
better than any lover
and Zhenyi T
did you see my pull keilo
its ok cause I got 7tr in my first 10 pull and that’s better than any relationship
my only relationships have lasted a month so I’m not really likely to have a partner <:deadge:975652771082698782>
No, isn’t his name haiten or something?
I have my ways, don’t worry about it
I’m telling your boyfriend
Just get lucky
Fair but I only had enough for a 10 pull and 1 fullset is good enough for now
well I did get the final zhenyi piece and 7tr first ten so 🤪<:PoV:986417344060465183>
just get it first 10 like me
idc if I only have s0 hot I still needed that weap
🙏🏻<:PoV:986417344060465183>
you had enough metals for that?
up your ass!
<@447218009749061632>
its almost time for 7tr
DW double SSS MA will only make it worse
I have Zhenyi MB 😭🙏🏻
DW I still only have Jingwei and Blood Embrace
I got 6th on HoDom with an 830 so I get ya
If I dont get 7tr idek what Im doing on bke
it be like that
lmao
wait incest?
owo 8ball will I get 7tr
I played honkai cause of eva and yea fuck genshin TBH
🙏🏻<:PoV:986417344060465183> 🙏🏻
gays don’t deserve to exist
ew they’re obviously both straight
oof
I hope to god I get 7tr
You’re making me nervous
I am going to off myself 🙏🏻
I’d rather use PE on qua weather than roll Vill-V
Yea 7tr I only have like 4k xtals
dont remind me my anxiety is hella high rn
Gotta use 3 theatre SP
thank you
quick question uhhh how do I unlock persona resonance?
this is why she’s getting skipped
I rolled a bunch for Asuka ngl
I started DA patch
my first gacha s rank was HoR <:deadge:975652771082698782>
They’d probably go for Nyx or Vill-V
You know new players definitely wouldn’t plan pulls
quick question why do you not have the cunny role?
mmm
They might ask for ID ngl, with whole NDA thing
girl what is that emote
2 different things there lol
Oh new star rail beta? I was only lucky with closed beta 2 so I’ll see
I only got an 830 in RL my Nirv score would be ass af
I am not whale enough still
I’m not gonna be retaining nirv ever so I find it slay
Wait thats VE
Meme and TP meta days 🙏🏻
giga whale
its ok, just whale harder next time <:KekPat:966625000339668993>
HotF is so meta
amazing
time for BD strats maybe
<@447218009749061632> I figured it out ong
if I had SS griseo itd be better
<@447218009749061632>
Albedo literally is a fucking nerd that’s a personality
ALBEDO IS GOOD WDYM?
Albedo>Itto>Zhongli>>>>Gorou
zhongli isn’t even top 2 in his element
venti and kazuha = best genshin males
because you told us about it
that’s weird way to spell Xiao and Scaramouche
There’s also so much nsfw of the genshin children so genshin is worse
But just regular shipping of high schoolers is fine ppl make it to big of a deal
IM NOT SAYING THE NSFW IS OKAY
I want him inside me tbh
The nsfw isnt good but shipping is fine tbh
I THOUGHT YOU MEANT JUST SHIPS
and he’s got so mha wins
gay is okay!
it doesnt have as many cunny enjoyers
I’d rather say I watch MHA than say I play genshin
its worse
I don’t get why genshin has so many anti meta dick riders
Dw I use melt ganyu too so
Breathing = meta therefore I just wont breathe
melt ganyu is somehow overrated and underrated
Do you have venti + hydro?
maybe
I want welt nsfw I cant seem to find it
who needs to draw nsfw when you can make it yourself
remember he is a minor
You’re welcome my children
I wont force religion on you but I WILL force homosexuality onto you
people want something to believe in so that they don’t have to face reality
me jacking off in the church bathroom
gay  orgies 24/7
how tf do you be hindu and homophobic 😭
john faggot kennedy
yass conversion therapy
what the actual fuck
Yes but fucking 3 star weapon
cat with the 3* weap can kill in RL even 😭
no 4* BE
elf would not make a noticeable difference, only have f2p ones
Heki have you tried Cat?
Its just I was complaining about not having SS griseo
Im also in RL
I think this is the best I can do with S griseo <:Pain:986481559190270032>
absolutely not
Heki I think its skill issue
yea
he got like 600 in a3
aoi did better than you with HoT, Griseo, and HoS <:PikaXD:966624196564242432>
Look at the weapon 😭😭
You’re welcome lovely
Yea Im NA
Yea maybe RC HB and WD?
competitive bracket
SN bout to be doing 10 dmg per charged att
phys with no impair 🙏🏻
I probably could
can someone ~~whale~~ roll for 7tr for me?
just read
PHYS HOT??
pris arent pris until 65
c10 kazuha
c2 kazuha or freedom sworn
watching a friend pull
Idk who I even simp for the most
I uh am watching a movie with my mom maybe after 🙏🏻
I’m not that big of a fan
idk what I want as a pfp
nfts are horrid
Im chilling with my 825 😭
fenri called me shane dawson that’s worse than a death threat
we all love you here xx
Itto has a giant dick and dildo to shove into me
Itto>>>>>>Kokomi
exactly
everyone here is tho
if I were to do an “extremely” name what would it be
so
ok ok question
Skill issue
lets all play rotmg its a fun and non toxic game
I will spend money if I don’t get 7tr first 10
bimbo arc?
kelvin
you absolutely are at honkai
there you got 1
well, at least you’re smarter than me
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
ur smarter than the rest of us 😭
midzuha
cause you already have one
you are important enough to have a harem so uhh thats something
well
you are the main character
keilo has a harem
👀
Who wants to fund me
I only have 2.8k crystals rn I rlly need to get 7tr tho
I hate SSS bke
They consider it humorous
tiktok audio
here’s my Bianka theatre score 😭😭
So dalao
I was clearing abyss and its hella late here (12:20) and I was wondering why the stages took me a while and the boss score was shit… I had fucking bastet T and Monet M on PE 😭
lmao so
awesome bow
we hate diavoros 🙏🏻
- diavoros, cunny enthusiast and dumbest person you’ll ever meet
diavoros only likes cunny
I hate scara
Thats gonna be me
I mean since she’s racist she fits right in
Trust me Chuu taught them both
Not Ayesha 😭
at least he isnt dead 🙏🏻
SO TRUE
venti solos
Venti is a queen 🙏🏻
smh why not 5 min
omg getting so close to 88
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
just cope for hsr playable
she serves the most cunt out of any dudu suit
but PE slays so
yes
gay people in genshin when
and carv is on a blocking spree with you neko
ugh idk if I have time for a relationship but I really want one and this person seems nice so far 😭<:Herta:978910221877514240>
make venti great again
But money is money
Working can make me busy af
I’m in a program I enjoy so I do find college fun
Ones being kind of a bitch ngl soo
I have a few friends from high school still
Im hoping to maybe have time for a relationship potentially during school
I enjoy college but I do get busy
I did like 9-10th grade
<:wokege:966623232918712331>
lol why the wokege
I haven’t been on dota much cause I dont have time nor people to play with but I enjoy the show
I’m watching it rn
omg off topic but I’m really loving the dota 2 cartoon
lol?
lip wristed bitch
never realized how gay childe looks there
wait
you in that?
dottore glowed up but not enough
Based era again
I thought you meant it was a bad and wrong take
LMAO
no longer based era
fr he’s kinda slay there
I hate childe
yass dad
is it bad that childe is one of the best looking here?
honestly Honkai is just a genshin ripoff
signora probably stans Camila Cabello or soemthing
maybe if signora stanned loona!
its a good cause
signora died so that raiden could show how much of a girlboss she is!
signora = himeko
baban based
I hope scara dies!
shes so pretty
sandrone stan
omg maguu kenki?
for real (i didn’t watch ti10)
🙏🏻
slay dota 2 show got a new season
ty ty
ikr they’re kinda cute too and like hopefully gonna do a 2nd date
he got hotter thank god
also watched thor (but that was a date)
she slayed as a dragon
exactly
anyways she serves, slays, and IS the moment 💖🙏🏻
I’m not an annoying ass teenaged cishet male so no
Also I watched the minions movie 🙏🏻
I love pussy slay girlboss characters
I’m a fag 💖
the girl slays but please cut the rest of your hair
😍🙏🏻
love4eva is one of my top streamed songs of all time
Im not shinji dumbass
midori
fenri is just a horny incel
❤️
chuu is actually faster than the speed of light
While in vc
OMG YEA
building pity is for the weak
absolutely not
🥰
sumeru characters look like a bunch of skips
god I am so uninterested in genshin its kinda sad
Oh fuck I need to do raids still
and I still dont have 3 set
I mean, once you get into adulthood you have just less time in general so not contacting friends often is common
it was a slay
baban is ALWAYS right
it is monday. Today, Gandalf gets to lick a graham cracker. It is his favorite activity
yep thats the one
Yea I fist fought boo in a walmart parking lot once
Im in america so I know all of you too
just like how every gay person knows each other
Ouchy
I could see aponia being a tall twink too idk why
Big chest
YEA
I wouldn’t say body hair tho ngl
I was thinking maybe like just a chubby built guy?
Hmm eden
Dom twink dudu and Muscle sub rita
fair
😭😭
mf looks like an even gayer ayato
maybe a bit too twinky imo but cute
eh maybe ya
if only I has zhenyi T 😭
lol damage issue
They got some good ass art in those fursonas
Lol true
At least bara is slightly hot tho
where tf do they get their money from
also furries commission art with real high prices
ugh I still need to do raids
I hope you have a lovely day
🙏🏻
honestly who can he blame but himself tho
poor dude gonna be a virgin forever
Its too good for those non-nitro users
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
iirc 15
why look for one we have plenty in this chat
Lol!
Uh
Oh
do you guys not have PE for HoD or
wait
slay ig
also baban which boss?
teri herrscher gonna make every boss top score
this mode is fun
“School shootings? Just a mentally ill person the kids are safe I promise”
conservatives be like “I protect kids by demonizing trans people and forcing 14 year old girls into carrying their baby to term”
dont plan on that part yet xx
Yass I’m just a gay jesus christ tbh
see I couldn’t say I hate anyone in this server
baban born a hater
Lol true
eh cringe is ok if people r having fun
yea thats the only issue rn
as long as it doesn’t have weird undertones its fineee
Using not 3 in 1 = no dick cheese
wait did that actually happen to aoi?
Fenri be careful so you dont get cheese growing in your foreskin
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
1 for hair, 1 for face, and 1 for rest. Hand towel is for hand washing too
did you use conditioner
I would rather kill myself than use 3 in 1
ok I'll actually go thru that pain smh
spill I was talking to friends
does anyone actually dislike aster?
ohh is there drama
I’m not gonna be super vulnerable here but it’s just not producing a great feeling tbh
and she couldn’t even find the book so I just found it and bought it with her money a few days ago
she had a party and friends to come over, I just had dinner with family. Also she got a ton of present from friends, I got 1 from my mom buying me a book 😭
and it’s crazy what a 3 year difference does in terms of others caring for your birthday
Man I was at my friends birthday party today
she would be kinda muscly but still kinda twinky yknow
Genderbent ely would be twunk tbh
yass TP slays
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
I saw
fenri youre the only one who thinks I look like shane dawson
there are two wolves inside of you
maybe he likes small dicks
at least I don’t hate indonesians
absolutely nothing, I’m just bullying baban
Yes she can
Mobius shall slay the house down houston Im deceased
yes
aster wants no part in indonesian shilling
no complaining about indonesian shill you might sound anti indonesian smh
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
baban…
I thought you’d enjoy that artwork
I bald a bit on sushang
I am not event bald
Do you have good hoS and good gris/carole
I feel like that depends on the rest of your gear
Join Honkai! We got Abyss, Abyss Lite, and Roguebyss
I will bald for you keilao to show I am not skill issue but gear issue
probably, ik people use to flex their big pp dmg numbers on 30d
Lmaoo apparently tiktok thinks that f2p mobius hitting 2 mil in ER is super impressive 😭
again I would rather kms
maybe skill issue
Idk
For me I seem to always have the pack spawn weird
I hate CF balding
ima stick with turg TB Mei M
babe Im not gonna bald that much but yea
could you... use handel on fischl
But SP gen is nice af
Hmm I could try AE
Im still using eden cause idek who else I'd use.. cat?
and no 3 set zhenyi
So, considering what I'm working with its not bad
Literally
Ahhh yea, I have 0 phase shifters
Yass eden dps slay
its FR dps tho?
I would rather kms
Lvl 55 pri too 😭
So dalao!
yas
not fun
yea its uhh
phase shifters
no fucking
bruh
7tr saving time
so dalao
finally!
baban so rich
ohh cute pikachus and eevees
NS best phys dps
also finally hit 100 homi chests <:PoV:986417344060465183>
in this house we use NS
I hate minors
fr
Lazy af
Im doing this on auto
BKE slayed
LOL
I started for Asuka
yea im a 2020 player haha
💀
I like them for 1.5x pay
so many fireworks when I was working
HoC griseo?
So true tbh
ima be a sinful retainer
with SSSSSSSSS MA
keilo bout to quit
surtr pri 😭
spa is forgettable ngl
for real 😭
my pris are a mess
why are you booing me Im right smh, not praising it
Herrscher of Most Sexualized Minor goes to seele tbh
Herrscher of Dommy Mommy
griseo helps her
Herrscher of Hoe
Hua buffs when
Griseo>>>>>> Aponia
Comparing archons ofc
yet 2nd strongest so far in combat (and imo not too far behind raiden)
Like Ganyu and Venti?
my lightning will be HoF, phys will be NS, fire will be VK and ice will be uh HoR
I’m gonna start using NS again
she gets less shill than Nyx
HoF is still at least quite versatile coverage wise
I think we should all revert back to 2019 valks with just new gear and lower temps
HoF kinda carries fire lets be honest, SpA is quite good too
Cat + Turg set
Yea cause it has 1 decent dps and thats ab it
SW is nice
Ahhh
CH made phys TOO good
Hmm?
A rank viable dps when
Other than cat
But like yea
True because Ice is shit huh
mobius was VERY viable
Is cat even a good MA dps on anything other than decent SSS scores
Fair but she’s heavily outclassed by PE
Imagine if we had Viable A rank dps again
I love how its all A rank dps and S rank supports
make MA 2.0 where only old strats are viable
I think we should
NGL i wish these strats were viable again
Also so. much. rime.
4.6 MA was HoT playground iirc
Remove SSS bosses embrace VC meta
VC strats when
VE more meta than GK confirmed
SSS Kasumi when
aslaug SPA now
I only have Asuka T
columbussy
I just want BKE cards and stamps
see we need more immune bosses to switch up MA not fucking SSS bosses
IO
Ugh I probs should use SI on HoD cause uhhh she's A rank no weap
salvation of slay
what is the 3rd boss
not like IO can do HoV right? Cause immune to lightning
If more content feels the same, then people will get burnt out quicker
It makes Honkai more stale ngl
scrap SSS MA and bring something fresh
Also yea MA is getting worse at this point we need an overhaul
I dont remember what my strat was for sushang LOL
slay ig
me too
3 sss when
at least I get paid for 10.5 hours today 🤷
ab to me with griseo cause her weap is avoiding me
dont lie you just want to whale
baban gold digger arc
slay thanks
hey taihen is huodou a good pokemon in this event
Ik you balded with HoS some too
yeah I did that
HoS COULD work
for FR
my pri is lvl 55
:copium:
I’m just gonna use SW
no amount of sleep could save me
xiaotional with EM when
Ah fair
ouch no EM
I dont think so because it was on twitter
Lmao back during end game a swiftie spoiled Endgame for a bunch of people
was it a swiftie again?
ER is a scam
Im in nirvana rn and its hell
omg nirvana time
~~other than bruh~~
wait whos a pedo
I dont read much
So
I am busy
Yea see
So
I just started like maybe april?
not yet
Lol nah
well reading ToG it takes a while to get thru
That and heartstopper are the 2 webtoons Ive read
I think around that yea
me tooo
no
baban Im an RL player this isnt that good
its not that good
WAIT THAT REMINDS ME I NEED RAIDS
I’m so close to 14k
not as good as 4/4
this is what heki needs
welp not what I wanted but its useful
WC solos ur fav
We walked as him for like 10 seconds
We already had playable kevin smh
I try not to drag it out too much
I dont!
Ouch my feelings hurt soo much omg 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
which one are you blaming for that
I just hated the phrasing of “precious boy 🥺” lmao
I thought you were loyal to Baban
idk
you have a bf?
For real
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
I only have A rank
cleared nirvana stage with TP
evil rebooting hates omegle
yes rebooting looking at titties
its his deyassification
whats up with the M piece
I have 2 ms one b
and I need 1 more zhenyi minimum
Im not heki
Ofc I have HoT if I’m pulling 7tr
Yea I got her then
5.5
I dont think 5.4 had spending?
What was the spending event that had BKE and HoT?
I’ve had HoT for a while
so not horrible
then save for a bit
Need to whale for 7tr ig
I just
like 20 some
I just need weap
Hey I only spent like 60 on the full stigs so thats not bad
thats true
gimme
gonna sleep soon
Im probably
thats fair
I am not dalao
yass lvl 1
<@171082989046988800> what did you wanna stream
I feel kinda bad tbh
But yea
oh it is
its 12:20 am lol
hey baban did you want me to be the one who accompanies cause Ik we left rebooting out to dry
damn lvl 17 kallen
yay its no longer pride month!
ok?
almost 1400 att
I am lower bc I did my daily stuff too early and I dont feel like redoing smh
she kinda fucks up everything which is slay
bke is good idk
Oh
zhenyi galore
the only offrate I got was fucking KoC
at least I got full stigs on 60 pulls but I need weap
I didnt want M but uhh.. no weap yet
AND I main ganyu (+itto)
I do
yes
😭
heki is impatient for his HoS
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
SS CH
oh only S rank griseo?
Ik Diavoros def wants Griseo or Teri herrscher
Herrscher of Cunny
clearly its griseo herrscher
honestly it can def mean that
yes the klee skin bc its funny
this is gonna be my Doom team <:PoV:986417344060465183>
me 3!
baban cunny loves you
you should've linked earlier
we already knew you loved cunny but now it loves you too
so why not
besides Im close
Nah I need her full gear or else she's not gonna be that good
Just need her weap then griseo cunny is done
hey at least I got all stigs in 60 pulls so
ew no
bro I literally have gotten like 9 Basilisks
yea I got 3
Cezanne banner? Nah KoC banner
carv gimme Griseo weap
better deal than normal
SO
Eh at least I've only spent 64 pulls on this
GONE
but my funds for 7tr?
I just need the weap
gimme the weap
still no weapon 😭
Guess heki gotta restart the game
Lol!
I had fun cussing out racists tho
It is
Like Im done with omegle for the night
I do have a simp snapping me now tho
Im done now 😭
I added him on snap LOL
Also I found a simp
yes
Also so many racist white kids 😭😭
Baban got the penis fill
we found orbits on omegle
then perish
<@171082989046988800> can you play princess tower
can you play among us
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
I miss rebooting’s streams smh
just whale
nirvana time
I think these are internal leaks from mihoyo?
ready for 7tr and (sadly) griseo
so I use weap active
I dont do enough dmg to force out that SP pack
my issue is
a 626 is fine enough for now Im not an MA balder
BKE is unnecessary
only asuka strats from now on
Avo pieces and children M
I dont have that gear
ok maybe BKE isn’t horrible
Asuka MA strats so dalao
idek what Im doing this MA
not bad tbh
lmao
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
get that bag!
“cash app me first then we can talk ab it”
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
is your cousin like 10 or something?
genshin impact peak game
omg i knew it
genshin impact celestia?
baban what you need?
Lance of Longinus best weapon
I like Edens but Aponia’s are weird physics
they look like water balloons LOL
oh poor child
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
Wow SN is a mid dps even in ER
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
I just… dont do commissions
aster in their gamer arc
simp
tbh? Im having zhenyi issue
What team?
maybe I can try her since I just got her SS
imagine having pri
I'll have to find a reference huh
Ah
What team did you use??
Hmm maybe I could improve score too
<@447218009749061632>
think outside the box
you gotta
Skill issue
… skill issue?
not too bad
cum world in minecraft
I think honestly Eden or Griseo is gonna be best
ugh I should make a chart
I’d say maybe lightning since I plan on getting 7t and 4/4 IO. Full gear HoS and TP, ely kinda okay. Fire good, my SW is okay but S0 and 3/4 (missing M)
I mean even without pri?
What SP valk should I SSS first
wow
nah itto STARTS at a 9.5/10
what if he’s an 8.5 but he’s stupid as shit
yes
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
lightning doesn’t exist, just use SW
pray
fr
ohh should I join the server
Sorry your mid romance anime got you caught in your feelings
I still am based
you sound very straight rn
I am based
its straight so its automatically mid
love is mid
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
are you okay??
what happened?
<:concern:966623298639261746>
And nyx
SN I do like she’s just hella overrated by people
Nah I love SP
Good!
girl yass
<@171082989046988800> final episode
vill-v: cool and new 1% of the time, annoying af 99% of the time
mid-v tbh
lol
I deserve a massive paycheck
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
self love!
Baban dates every minor in this server damn
mid-v
Seems cool but goddamn I would get annoyed by it quick
Finally looked at vill-v gameplay
Do you even have AE?
so we doin mods?
<@171082989046988800> apparently I’ve seen part of s2? Idk how but I do remember it
fr
hmm
Fr Best character!!
<@171082989046988800> I’m a hooty stan
I am
THE END OF THE FIRST EPISODE?
Should I binge it tonight?
<@171082989046988800> I’m starting s2
<:HelloFbi:977468843884691456>
too lazy to mald cerulean flare tbh
<:PoV:986417344060465183> <:Pain:986481559190270032>
(sent this in the wrong chat LOL)
lmao I beat my previous score on AKA without any gear upgrades
I will
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
Fr
true
or do a back to back spending event
if 6.0 is big drop do you think they’d wait till then or no
guaranteed yoi then <:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
Jk go for yoi if you want
L
OHH
oh rlly? I am dumb soo
Ive had tao since her release
I think maybe topup event?
She’s fun and she’s pretty <:yaesmug:963351773869903874>
I got yelan for Funeralnational
Ely Herrscher tho
I’m gonna pull 7T is cezanne tbh, Abyss only player now
Yes
Gay = meta
true but it’s at least less likely
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
Just be gay
brother gonna be a virgin forever
just push it out smh
Oh you have a fetus that is stuck in your fallopian tube and you and the baby will die without an abortion? Too bad, skill issue
So far we have:
1. Federal officers can enter your property with no warrant if they have “any cause or suspicion” esp of that dealing with illegal immigration

2. Federal officers practically get immunity from lawsuits and misdemeanors from civilians 

3. Workers can no longer sue their place of work if there was a previous “solution” through word of mouth

4. and now Row v. Wade overturned, leading to probably even more loss in bodily autonomy
hold on gonna past something I already typed out
Baby formula shortage too
Some states already have after it got overturned
America thing, basically a lot of places are going to make all abortions illegal
<:worryweird:987958026071834634>
Also did you guys hear roe v wade got overturned?
its shows the skin you use on your valk
ow
giga whales would prob get mad
mihoyo go back to marketing towards genshin players Im tired of MA changes
I think at this point, there should be a game mode that you can only play if you have both Dawei cards
only half the playerbase does abyss and even less does MA so why are they trying to make it worse
anyways yea, SSS bosses pretty much require a specific team to score and gear and ranks and whale only
Its Ma eden give be a break
I can fuck around with eden strats and get 413 on hellmaru
Whale only access
MA too inaccessible? Lets make it more inaccessible
Wdym balding jizo with 3 Btheatre on s1 BKE ISNT fun?
Meta isn’t fun, you can only enjoy games by story and collecting cute women 🥺🥺
figuring out gear strats make it fun
1 SSS 3 SS take it or leave it
Honkai whale friendly? Nah, it’s whale ONLY
only if you have 9s teams
In all honesty, the bosses are still 2 phase so it’s still different
maybe they’ll nerf SSS bosses so hard that they become SS bosses
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
SS MA is a thing of the past so it’s relegated to useless sim battles
Griseo already killed HoF on tank so
thats better than my score <:PoV:986417344060465183>
poor mobius and HoF
Even jizo?
Welp guys how do you feel about HoT being meta again
I’d rather use FR
They’re definitely gonna do 2 qua bosses for SSS huh
~~Kevin and Su~~
gay = bad
VG slays ok you wouldn’t get it
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
We’re back to the VC 0 second kill days
LMAO
Oh nvm I read it wrong
Also did you all see the 1 second SSS MA kill?
literally makes you think more ab gear distributions so you cant always do 0 second kills
at this point tbh lets just make a separate game mode
Does anyone even like SSS bosses?
also more specific rots since TF affects score here
SSS is worse than abyss tbh
<:worrypat:986461060104081508>
3 SSS when
I tried PGR on launch and never got into it
yes
I mean yea
and half the fanbase nowadays doesn’t even play for competitive so
I feel like Double SSS should only be like 1-2 weeks per patch
We down to 1 SS boss so uh in MA kinda, in abyss prob not
Hoyoverse change quick plz
I meant bosses not valks dummy
I am gonna kill myself with 2 SSS bosses
fuck wrong firefox thing
Baban I malded a bit more on Huodou
Also
FR
👀
carv ab to too
Meme outfits r cringe
mobile too
Yea
that’s homophobic
mines is silver which slays
that means baban is a normal person
finally can sleep after I listen to this
thunderous ego
ROACHES
awww you're just like a cockroach then
die
getting closer to that +10 att
comes out when himeko is revived
<:PiKek:973573411911659540>
Not like we got Himeko Birthday
Im still waiting for Rosy Passion Rerun
Its not that much
12m?
After SSS Delta I plan on farming SSS BR
Do you think I have the stamina to do that many expeditions
Sadly no working on it tho
Im a himeko simp silly
Im VKE
who do you think
Slayed!
ughh cant wait till midnight
<@244423082045997057> do you watch eromanga sensei
<@244423082045997057> do you like dudu
based sheepbot moment
<@244423082045997057> do you like homosexuals
<@244423082045997057> I miss you
<@244423082045997057> are you gay
ugh fine
leave me be
ok
Im dumb
<@447218009749061632> have you done raids yet
anyone in NA not done raids yet?
Ik that it’s limited to rate up and you shouldn’t pull elegy just for yelan unless that’s your main team and need that improvement
damn you really cant tell when Im joking huh
just roll it tho smh who cares about banners
Just roll elegy smh
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
Imagine ever getting useful Emblem pieces
yas
Thats cute
Ok
AWW
What then
is that the spoiler
are the official?
Lets go lesbians 😍
My fav couple
I LOVE BOTH OF THEM
gonna steal my mom’s disney+ after work 😍
I need to log into disney plus huh
OH?
Ive been putting s2 off
no I havent
so
wdym
Use DKs
I beg
BRO
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
That’s SA
I have one SSS
Gold pins exist
I mean
Have so much
How do you
jesus
Tbh Im gonna keep getting outfits over SP farming and idc
idk I want them
I NEED outfits
I never spend asterite tho tbh
I finally SS’d eden
shut
😭
Im still working on SS cat
benjamin shapiro
Gay Jewish “Facts and Logic” men
Exactly!
he meant to tweet that from a burner acc but accidentally said it on his main
<@447218009749061632>
That implies ben shapiro isn’t a homosexual
Rebooting = Ben Shapiro
fr I actually burnt the poster I was so pissed
I got sent a poster of it (instead of a hibike euphonium one that I ordered) from amazon and decided to watch it blind… 2 episodes in I knew I made the wrong decision
love the owl house
yep its also her step or half brother, forgot which
it is a bruh show
is*
I have the misfortune of knowing what that id
Esp when one the of the pfps is from eromanga sensei (incest and pedo show <:TeriWeird:973794226754187324> )
clearly
I meant the eromanga sensei one but yea
there are some sus pfps there
neither am I but that looks like a young teen body to me
It’s undeniably shota sorry
they are probably too busy crying rn
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
<:concern:966623298639261746>
those things are balloons ngl
she’s competing with Eden
I want a gay (derogatory) shirt
I'd join
carv based today
I have symmetrical balls
aww the kitty’s eyes are different colors
I’ve used SW for lightning weather, what’s the difference?
I’m talking about for Qua weather, which she’s likely be used for coverage <:PoV:986417344060465183>
By the time Vill-V comes out, my FR will be SSS with full gear team (without SSS fisch or Eden probs lol) so ez skip
can we see machine gun eden in nirvana
Its just PE doing PE things
But cmon
Even my PE does better than the eden
I was joking dw
PE found dead stuffed inside a piano
bruh
so close to 47k haha
<@447218009749061632>
But fuck that
Yeah I could bald SP with evasions
oh im gonna have to bald now Huh
yea but SW>
SP>SN these days tbh
yea maybe 3-4 years ago
not if you roll SN
the statement waifu/husbando player implies that yes
if you wanna do that do you tbh
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
I’m not even attracted to women so I can’t even roll for horniness lmao
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
what if I want her to be
the true only way to play honkai according to tiktok
log in every patch to do story then dip
Dw I just feel bad for you
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
thats torture
thats not f2p
aoi living the struggle life
for Aoi iirc
My HoS is full gear
I think my Morbius got a better score on Jizo than your SN lol
No HoS too
Good thing I have SSS LE
lmao my strat was LE/Cat (with shit gear) and SW
hell maru aint that hard
wdym dont you have wc?
at least I beat baban so far this MA
who cares about lore, honkai only for balding MA
that needs to be an emote smh
evening
Now you gotta let that sink in
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
as if I didn’t know
she has the body of a child 🥺🥺🥺
Def skill issue
slay
sadly yae is a flop
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
I hope not
we should get another free elf tbh
qua fire = run HoF and sleep <:suswokege:966623262912163850>
I dont want nirvana + not crit balding with TP again
true, but still looks nice
I have no bastet and no purana so I sleep hard this boss
yay no nirvana for me
BD suits BR’s looks very well
I rlly should go for c6 gorou
I have redhorn for my lovely itto
noelle can use it wdym
freeze ganyu exists
I have Ganyu no Amos but meh
how are your artifacts?
Starter character ≠ bad
lisa is pretty good tbh
ttds buff and 20% def shred on ult
lisa is a better support for raiden than c5 or below sara
or in general
dont mind me and my 700 score
makes my bussy purr with that performance
that is so impressive
~~me~~
honestly ima would make sense
I would kill myself if so <:deadge:975652771082698782>
<:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
yay skip patch!
and so is my jizo score
<@447218009749061632>
Kuki>Thoma tbh
Overall definitely but kuki has her niche
since when does Beidou heal
<:MonkaS:966624721925976094>
and skipping griseo?
do you at least have carole 4/4?
prepare your wallets
I find itto fun and hot so
~~itto is deadass my strongest character rn~~
Even heki is smarter than the average genshin player
I don’t even like Kuki, people are just misinformed
Besides, electro doesn’t have many AOE applicators
so she has her niche if you wanna run Eula Rosa c6 without having to slot in diona
Thing is, no one else is an electro healer + she had aoe application + can get 100% uptime on ToM + she isnt burst dependent
ikr
They’re like “oh she has mid healing mid electro application and others can proc 4 ToM”
and ppl don’t get that
she does fill a niche with her combination of roles
because she’s not a great character
damn people really hate kuki huh
LMAO
ah I use iphone
Im a mobile player lol
hey better than me at least lol
what did you get on jizo
OUCH
oh and no HoS
(I didnt even use mobius this week tho)
I promise Taihen Im not that bad
yet my morbius slays harder
my actual score is better at least
Did better than Heki
training mode
SSS jizo isnt too hard tbh
lmao scott B
I kid but my score IS ass
Omg they got better than my score
<@244423082045997057> owo 8ball kiss
<@244423082045997057> am I feeling lucky?
<@244423082045997057> will I get lucky in 5.8
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
owo 8ball should I roll cat gear
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
owo 8ball do I skip griseo
owo 8ball does aponia suck ass
owo 8ball is ely mid
heki moment
owo 8ball will nini be unlucky with ely herrschey
owo 8ball is nini gonna whale in 5.9
owo 8ball is nini gay
owo 8ball will I meet keilo in nirvana
<@171082989046988800>
hetero era
<:huh:966619839307321394>
owo 8ball am i gay
owo 8ball will 5.9 be a skip patch?
owo 8ball will nini help heki recover from his copium?
<:HelloFbi:977468843884691456>
owo 8ball will there be teri herrscher
owo 8ball is heki dalao
owo 8ball will heki ever leave agony 3
owo 8ball will there be an elysia herrscher battlesuit released
<:felissad:987316204286922784>
owo 8ball am i dalao
S1 bkek too
(with any of my gear)
it helps my sp issue since I cant clear 2nd phase in 1 rot
so dalao
pulling griseo gear to make her better
dummy
I USE HER OFTEN LMAO
yeah
it at least got me a better score than kafka TM Ely B
new dalao strat just dropped
baban how did I do
big brain time
Imagine if he used that pity on someone as useless as SN
obv you need her SSS for support for extra 40 SP starting
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
6’4
Fen is over a foot shorter than me
yes
you can use mine
finally got SS eden
I don’t think you’ve shown it to me before
ooh looks very nice : )
For some people, it’s (sadly) more likely for the police to kill or arrest them then the actual criminal
finally I’ll have a full gear comp
damn if only you could use PE properly
oh shit story is tonight huh
most is there for a reason xx
Oh man I’m pulling a carv it’s almost 4 am 😭
I should be nicer to most people tbhh
ngl yea it just is that good
welcum back btw
honestly I wish a turg banner was soon so I could recommend that
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
idk because I feel like it
Her gear is pretty good! She can work with other alternatives so if you have nebulous duality weapon you can save after the valk <:chickHappy:981170092240928819>
if you has AE it could work for Zhenyi but it’s gonna get 0 use, might as well get useful gear
Honestly HoS, she’s a well rounded pull and can carry through a lot of content
I would say yes, since again you wont have use for zhenyi for a while
She’s a poor investment and not worth investing in unless you have 0 other priorities
SN has been dead for a while
either way
5.2 or 5.5 anni
cezanne still my answer!
If you got 4/4 for them
SN is such a bad pull nowadays
4/4 SN? Feel bad for them still
cezanne, you aren’t gonna be able to do much with your Zhenyi if you get it
I feel bad for them
how’s your phys vs lightning rest of the team
wasn’t talking about aoi
brain fried by heki
anyways DP is not enough for these valks and idc how much copium you smoke the reality is this: they suck ass without HoS support
ever heard of a hyperbole?
Sixth Serenade Kallen
You could probably promote in A3 using 6S on fire weather
A3 bosses are built like a fucking wet noodle
You act like any of them are usable without HoS (or a good CH and BB in FT’s case)
who tf are you even farming elysia for
I also feel bad for Taihen
I feel pity towards him due to his stupidity
he’s dumb so no
I genuinely feel bad for those who don’t have HoS
Like
yea tbh
the no hos life
yup but it should allow a clear
just use that
Makes it easier
have you used buffed mode?
no hos?
def gonna pull 7tr, since I skipped Aponia
Still
Eh I have both so might as well make Mobi useful
cause eden def could help Mobi regen on that boss
Have we had bke abyss post eden pre 7tr?
and physical is your own damn fault
we haven’t had ranged boss in forever and sidestage can be cleared by multiple units
Ok well at least I’m not stuck in a3
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
almost 88
yup
at least I knew to invest in Hekates first
my pri arm collection is just… sad
at least I don’t invest backwards
anyways I’m gonna hopefully actually get lucky and get 7tr and at least cezanne
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
I said gn 2 hours again and yet here I am
gn 🫶
non whale
Keeping all my pri arms at lvl 50 from now on 🫶
someone kill me
My top up is low so uh
Oof ya
its kinda funny tho since you cant even really whale for metals
then 6.0 herrscher
yknow I like her painter motif Im not gonna be mad at her anymore
well ima use griseo as a support
What ab hekates <:PoV:986417344060465183>
Haven’t been spending asterite on either
Both Eden and Felis are s2
my felis is S rank <:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
having 2 sp in a row is awful for everyone
I should uhh… pull for at least TB for Griseo huh
that reminds me I need to pull griseo gear cause… my phys is lacking
attack and gear issues exist for me <:Pain:986481559190270032>
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
masters with maxxed pri arms
scores better than me rn on some of those bosses <:PoV:986417344060465183>
so keilo got it
Who’s gonna follow this guide
have her 1/4 and that is only t lmao
cat issue
im bad yes ik
omg nirvana time?
TP supremacy
so I’m f2p
anyone wanna see a drag cosplay of yae miko
TECHNICALLY NOT EDEN AT LEAST but I still should make sure my phys doesn’t fall behind
I’ve skipped Carole and Cat so
I should really pull for griseo gear tho huh
so would she still beat Ely or not? Idk the scores
Has any person tried HoF Cat runs on tank?
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
cannot relate
hekate is good in general too
wow
my jizo is ass
so kalpass new S rank?
first swing = use evasion, 2nd swing attack, 3rd swing evasion so on so forth
what score are you getting
yea that was me
fr bastet issue on my part
Lmao
No bastet sucks
See Im lvl 87 and for a few bosses rebooting is doing better than I
I need another bpm this week <:Pain:986481559190270032>
dirac is also farmable
another bad decision to add to the list
s1 too
have you SEEN my bke gear
partial slay
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
duo bronya week
big brain arc
yass tp balding
Im glad I slept when I did
balding TP
its ok I can make you all look good in comparison with my 600s kill
Sure, I gotta stay up anyways for a while longer
LMAO
ah yea cause I do only have S1
lemme just pull out my nonexistent cat gear and SS cat
if I demote whatev
huodou is too buggy for me I give up
gonna use gustav
thanks
hmmm
<@148145559897636865> what stigs should I run on SS
and she does enough freeze with weap skill and burst?
no pri or M
Since my cat is ass
what stigs should I run on SS
I am not a sniper bc Huodou is ass for me
fair
uwu buff when
I used IO FR PV and did fine enough, was too lazy for AE stuff
its ok
raven is sexy so
I used FR lmao
AE cant carry me on this fight
give pardo phys breach
they should tbh
pardo is actually god of honkai
thats an interesting comp tbh
I love how I don’t care enough ab discord for nitro ngl
damn
kazuha = homophobic
asuka is slay
my eden n pardo are S rank cause idek how to farm asterite fast enough to farm their frags
only have T
she’s on the 3 star weap
my pardo doesnt have enough freeze trauma and is S rank
I def dont wanna promote so I’ll act like Im slack
with just a 600 on one boss
Ill live
whatev
even if I has just pri…
man any team I do with huodou sucks ass
Cant believe Taihen died
Oh damn
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
I lack pri got RC… even lacking stigs need weapon smh
also HoR just sucks to play
didn’t know she was gonna be that meta impactful okay
man my lack of rolling for cat is killing me rn
my mobi strat is scuffed lol
what are you gonna stream
what
do it or taihen will break up with you
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
sleep then
having griseo full gear = cunny alter
its griseo gear
see, I could get DA and 2 stigs cause I have her 2/4 but she’s mid
and BKE stamps
dante TM plz
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
Ignore me
wait
goemon and nuada
I meant good ones not some lousy a ranks
nah we still need ima and qua fire dps before then
headache meta
like when we spammed ,.. heki
it didnt work when it was previously just …
wow
it has never worked
idk
the bot doesnt work for me hoe
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
ely herrscher gonna be a skip for me cause no Pardo gear
what it no july herrscher
so any piece = full gear
I have 2 zhenyi M and 1 B
good
7t banner has wishing well right?
I hope I get any zhenyi piece and 7t in my first 10 pull
keilo will suck dick for coins
if next patch is a skip Im forced to get griseo sadly so my phys doesnt fall even more behind
what if hacker is 13
good thing he isnt my type <:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
stream norman fucking rockwell!
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
I’m in my Lana Del Rey arc so I only like men 2 times my age
you know I don’t play like james charles
why crop a part of my message
?
you never know how expansive the void in his brain is
no bc someone would get felony charges
who would risk getting charged for that? Bruh?
why doesn’t he just run ice teams
LOL yea
wait does he even have turg
If eden is your dps you’re doing something wrong
not support
dps suit
like
lightning ima suit when
the only valk getting consistently new suits is Bronya
literally dudu went from 4.4-5.5 between suits
HoF and HoS still slay at least
dw you guys can make fun of me for no cat weap
you still need impair
yass peg that tight little bussy
Also got called sexy so evens out
So fun!
i just got called the tslur on omegle LMAO
lmao I did end up in first
tell that to dia
andrius is bad
I can pretend I do
baban should I do omegle stream
401?
baban help me here
you can stream uhhh
Im doing omegle this time
15k for one piece
mobius gear 😭
not even weapon
maybe I shouldn’t have skipped cat gear…
my bke sucks so uhh, gotta find a solution
bald to get to nirvana
Ew
yes
Maybe you could do abyss if you haven’t yet?
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
says the one who’s actually a lolicon
sorry I don’t like cunny
is a skip
Kallen = Meta and outsold your fav
Nah I meant RI
Yes!!
LMAO
so just use spa anyways
<:PikaXD:966624196564242432>
idek how I’ve gained that many trophies with my low attack
gotta get the emblem to flex
I will die if I get into nirvana
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
holy
also
Maybe you need to contact your provider and see what the problem is? Could be an issue on their end
oh lord I hope it comes on soon
I haven’t checked my abyss yet
thats the dragons name now
Jesus
ranch solos tbh
caesar dressing ≠ ranch
ranch is the nectar of the gods
I love ranch
thanks it’s the perfect pfp for pride month
too high
is based
I wanna do omegegegele
its ok they’re talking about hating white people rn
@ everyone rebooting is talking to strangers and getting doxxed on omegle
omg rebooting pedo era
gotta revive this dead ass chat somehow
I have worse dw
green eminem>>
Diavoros
ew
slay
that’s very sweet of you
my brother is 22
don’t particularly care for her no
we are the furthest thing from a couple tbh
I’ll have to leave that to you
I had mine turning 20 smh
and still no rebooting stream smh
god i feel old
LMAO
thought baban was 12
Besides we have horny jail for that
the kids are in the chat so we arent
daycare center
its been a while since I was young and full of vigor
fr a bunch of minors
so true
I’m 20
I am atheist and gay so hell
See I feel ya bc I don’t really think I wanna date an 18 year old
ROACHES
man today has been ass
idk probably
SK is as dead as a cat that ran out of its 9 lives
exactly
use mobius
no
I wanna get the sf one
yes
dislyte really relying on the queer characters to pull an audience
yes
I hopefully can go for Ely hershey
just use SW
lol
true
SA can refresh them with ult
<@482139585355448333>
trading fidgets
omg it’s a tiktok thing that kids did
trade me add 1 fidget too
Her gear? Lol
I forget I have Ely pri
cat weapon <:FelisD:987145546974253056>
I think I’ve rolled like 9 or 10 basilisks
Full gear HoS + HoF and supports decent gear = easy mode before RL
for ayaka freeze Xingqiu isnt needed
xiangling
I woke up like 6:30 am, 5pm is concerning tbh
I turned 18 in 2020 so thats when I lost it
mines been gone since 2020 oops
didnt have sex with him
idk
eh probably something
interesting dude
He had a form of ED where it took him a while to cum
I know this guy
erectile dysfunction
what if I have ed
that makes me feel old
man
I think its duly
yes, especially the album every eye open
Btw, that theme song that Chvrches sings is quite similar to the rest of their music
yeah
I figured that
I’ve been loving Doja Cat since moo
Song goes hard tbh
They’re an synthpop group
chvrches is so good
sad music
I love
the movies were fun tbh
pitch perfect
Also like this one dude I’m talking to checks my boxes for like a dating potential it’s just… it doesn’t feel right ig
I usually ask before lmao
and also made fun of communism with very much red scare misinformation
when on the first date I talked ab being anti capitalist
Like deadass “pull yourself up by your bootstraps” capitalist
not quite homophobic but kinda ya.
website statsforspotify
well the one broke up with me cause they weren’t ready for a long term relationship, the other one lied ab his political stance and I found out he was… quite the conservative
danganronpa
I top and bottom lmao
one night stands are fuck the block their number, the relationships have emotional attachment then I realize they are a shitty person
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
none of my relationships have lasted over a month
I love how the only man is harry styles
I think Gaga is 10 lmao
Ok wanna see something very lgbt?
so true
here you can judge me on this
I mean, I listen to a lot of things but my go-to stuff is pop
hmmm may I ask why
Usually pop or folk music
I’m gonna work on it monday I think
smh
… ok I have a side hustle lines up
I also have a whole ass job
I bought them years ago and they still work well
$100 aint “rich” lmao
… airpods
I love listening to Artist’s deepcuts so I get a lot of songs that way
Sometimes I love a rollercoasters of emotions
I do have different playlists dw
I dont listen to many songs either tbh
owo 8ball is taihen cheating on keilao?
owo doesn’t wanna help you cheat
owo 8ball can kitten post memes in general?
no memes in general kitten
owo 8ball should non hos havers die?
owo 8ball do ashtrays deserve rights
owo 8ball slack off or sports?
kys
<@244423082045997057> do you stan loona
<@244423082045997057> are you a liar
amongus
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
imagine being able to use that bot
At least I got 1989 <:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
my time in keilo counting is now over and mission is a success
I could never get into rhythm games for some reason
just go to instagram reels they’re 2/3 years late
I just feel bad for people who actually have that because so many people were faking it and it got a really bad rep online
Ben was the republican tbh
omg does anyone remember gypsy rose??
we need that american girl doll
and ofc relax since weed helps with that
Just have fun : )
But that’s fine
I wasn’t trying to be mean ab it
Oh like what?
hey make sure to take it easy and enjoy your high
You finally got some weed?
hi : )
oh god I just remembered I should wake up at like 5:30 tomorrow
you need your 3rdone
if only I had Zhenyi T
my bracket is sleeping rn
ok
how could you
comes as a shock
ikr
I never actually disliked rebooting
see I made a decision
to be decided
wait maybe you actually dislike heki
why not
me and rebooting is like heki and baban
Ah good thing I have 4/4 mobius
Lightning?
wait what’s abyss? Haven’t gotten on honkai
the teasing got taken a bit too seriously
hey its been a few days
I am a bright ball of sun, I have no shade duh
I am an angel to rebooting
its a fairly long shift
12-9 yes
I work till 9pm tonight so I’d be unable to join <:Pain:986481559190270032>
I would NEVER flip someone off
I am very nice wdym
especially in a pfp
hey it looks decent
lmao
I am eden
probably ngl
people play subway surfers still?
Except SW still gonna be pretty af
If there is Ice herrscher of her I would agree
Peakwing>> Midchasm Nyx
mid finally gets an adv supply
fr
we love taihen whaling
close to 600 wow
Im sorry about your loss but I wouldn’t lie about this 💔
No he ACTUALLY looks like childe I def dont think every ginger looks like that twink
Im sorry it’s true
the one on the right looms like childe but gayer
time to use Mobius
it’s very pretty taihen
ok do that then
go be productive
death by a thousand monkeys
805 likes
those are free torus
didn’t wanna waste a ticket but hell even non weap Meme CAN do it
AE could work well as 3rd support, maybe wolf’s dawn could help with 30% edm and protection?
Hmm
only if you had Meme’s weapon
oof no ice dos other than Felis?
you got this
Hellmaru loves to just kill you so ez
oooh good job!
are you okay
ok (hopefully) figured out my side hustle
gonna pull a baban soon
Interesting
No Mobi strat
oh
hm
whats ur aka score
well
so she still kinda sucks
her att is 1313
I do what I want at this point
so
see none of my valks are actually good
imagine having the HoT to use on couatl
680 with this lmao
couatl takes skill sadly
couatl is an L
L
30.5k here
KEILO STAY
After my DK run I can show you my 680 team
I got 680 on aka
I def cant do kallen
carv will tell you that Im too meta slavey
also I dont whale
I think I was 84/85
I think with enough work rebooting probs can get t100
I would've lost my hair just by exposure
keilo is generous to help with that
my cat is S rank with no weapon to speak of so I cant even try to bald
I could bald more
I mean maybe it is kinda ok with s0 SW and 1299 att but that was like my first full run so eh
agree to disagree but I thank you for the praise
thank you
its not that impressive
BETTER THAN MY TEAM!
so
and no cat
1299 att gaming
shut
this is NOT dalao of me
Only S too
knowledge is power too
even I am somehow
maybe if you compare yourself to heki
they/them or I break your kneecaps/snipe you
Hopefully they apologize!
558 is not very dalao of me
this was my jizo team… lol
am also confused tbh
oh no
Wait you have SSS
wtf
do you have a halfway decent bke or carole?
So yay
you did score better than me
I mean
nirvana time
bracket said
The Supreme Court is dooming us
Victory for employers loss for employees
like literally all of michigan is covered lmao
exactly
Oh yeah and airports count as an international border so it’s like 90% of the population affected by this!
You can read about it (Case is Egbert v Boule) but basically this precedent can be used to give federal officers immunity and lets officers go into any home/establishments 100 miles from an international border without a warrant
I would rather try to get a top score on Jizo with RI than deal with the Supreme Court any longer
who wants to doompost about america cause it’s definitely dooming itself
lol
should’ve slept
Itto… poor baby
Events obviously are only limited
Fishing, adventure book, teapot seems somewhat neglected
Fishing is annoying
I hope
With Engulfing I believe you can go up to 250 without losing dps
oh you have engulfing?
I thought babies had an early naptime
heki isnt it your naptime?
its ok genshin easy
more electro dmg
now add kazuha on top
232 is more than fine
so no
it takes too long to make good money on of
but typically 200 is the damage cap and completes her needs
I think with engulfing you want a bit more
i might know more ab genshin meta than honkai meta sadly
I think 200
which twitter
and your lack of HoS
the law
heki ur 17
I’m not actually gonna make an only fans
What’s your mom’s name
I don’t actually have an only fans I just joke ab it
needing money?
for what
dont sus me
I just joke because I desperately need money
I don’t actually have an only fans dw
you’ll have to subscribe to find out
anyways who wants to subscribe to my onlyfans to pay my college <:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
I’m already behind finance wise on tuition + books so I really don’t want to spend anything more than monthly + bp
I’m gonna have to wait for the next beta to see what S rank is next
ok but genuinely what does griseo do I haven’t been keeping up with this Beta
type of playstyle, of course
I thought Griseo was your type tho
Is it bad I wanna skip griseo but I already skipped Carole so maybe I shouldn’t
I have a great eden roleplay
it really doesn’t matter unless you plan on being a singer
My vocal type is Bass but I don’t have too much vocal training
basically I have penis and xy chromosomes
assigned male at birth
I’m amab so obviously not
I’m a classically trained soprano
yes
I sing as Eden too
keep it that way tbh
this cant be
no no
no
no way
Wasn’t last actual a rank Raven in 5.2?
doesnt sound like a bad investment because it’ll be rolling those along with 7t
why would you not?
are you gonna stream again?
I used to have a shit ton of coin issues so I understand
mobile gayming
Hekates it is
Idek if I’m gonna go for Griseo gear so uhh
see rn I’m debating whether to go for SoS pri or Hekates pri next so great discussion for me
SoS is still most likely gonna be good for MA with its speed
Iirc SoS doesn’t even fill trauma gauge
and whats that
Hey guys I’m starting an only fans to pay for college!
Because my text books this semester are gonna be like 500+
That reminds me I need to find a side hustle
kaslanas are some of the best characters in honkai tbh
It’s just my friends never talk to me unless they want me for something tbh
so that means YOU can never be the good person hmm
that’s kinda mean
if all my friends are kinda shitty does that mean Im better than them
Itto too smart for Ayato
“I’m not *half the server*”
~~he can debug this bussy~~
itto is an anarchist all he wants is to fight bugs
itto x me is the only itto ship I like
I dont rlly do genshin shipping but still the only one I like is Ganyu and Beidou
even then xiangling is shown to be around Hu Tao age so she might be like 18 or 19 too
iirc fischl doesn’t even have a canon age, just mentions getting her vision at 14
Genshin has 3 maybe 4 children imo
“She gets younger every time she revives so she is a child canon! 🥺”
people on tiktok think that she’s a child lmao
he at least didn’t show us his dick
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
might cope with this score TBH
idk if I wanna farm Hekate Pri or SoS first tbh
the 7 points
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
Im fine with slack bracket cause my BKE is S rank with 2/4 <:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
300 more xtals for HoS
AWW
isnt alt rule just for those banned on other acc?
can I meet your boyfriend (I just want to meet the cats)
Cats r so cute
I LOVE CATS
hard N as in cunny?
at least something was spared
omg I was gonna pull Zhenyi week 6 since I only need 1 piece for my first full set
Damn I got lucky with my bracket
will try : )
I am gonna read for a bit to hopefully get myself ready for bed
true true
and it is?
I cannot sleep someone get the frying pan
It needs it
carv your body begs for sleep
Ugh I should sleep too but things got a little too serious there smh
carv why are you up still wtf
Cause you know NOTHING of my eating habits, or what I weigh, or my activeness, so maybe stay in your lane on that one xx
But the nikado comment was unnecessary tbh
I rarely like to get serious
I’m almost always joking
Wow I’m sorry for you taking this so seriously damn
plz dont remind me of his of
Not like you have a platform to get canceled on
What do you want me to do, make a call out thread to my 40 followers?
then sleep
Idk saying “You get closer to nikado avocado everyday” seems a little sus
At least you aren’t fatphobic ❤️
Its ok I like you baban
I’ve had 2 relationships not from just grindr lmao, it’s not hard and I’m from buttfuck nowhere
At least I can actually get a boyfriend
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
at least I don’t have a patchy ass beard and a receding hairline
At least I use an actual body type to describe you
Go back to fantasizing about fictional men and not being able to pull a real man
fuck off otter
me to you
I hate gay people
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
star of eden In sorry 😭
I didnt spend enough to get card so I got fit
good start !!
I’d say yes since it’s a great general improvement and necessary to build any ice
Either way you get TB
I mean
It would be wise
Yes
Someone can correct me but turg isn’t gonna be useful with just 1 piece
Do you have any turg pieces already?
So you have Turg T?
yes
<:Pain:986481559190270032>
rebooting in his seggs arc
My phone has the same storage as my laptop lmao
phone issue
Mobile gaming
Chibi events are easy ngl
It’s good practice for the Honkai chibi events
Skill issue
Get good at dodging tbh
Just
Omg yea pets
now you get a good amount for free
Mostly the p2w was more characters and vault space
Nowdays yeah
Unless you use the fucking 3rd party shit
Eh, you can’t even really buy good items with money nowdays
They give out at least a good amount of free vaults and character slots so not as bad
Luck game too
I am sorry that you know what that is
I AM gay
Ok but non competitive games I play are Rotmg (if you know, I am sorry), Genshin, Minecraft, Animal Crossing too
Dota 2 >>league by a long shot IMO
Just wait till Carv finds out I play Dota 2
no
Yass so true
See, HSR is pretty fun just lacking compared to the other honkai titles IMO
one of my fav games is survival minecraft
It is still mid I like fucking with y’all
Great game
I miss it already
If anyone is IM the instigator tbh
based take
child of bickering parents
I remember when I sang a Taylor Swift song and they were like “Did you write this yourself?”
MOUTH WIDE OPEN
Aoi misses my lovely voice xx
hexcode sent my a friend request and I denied lol
hi shishters
Maybe rebooting is James Charles in disguise
oh but I did ❤️
In choral terms I’m technically a bass so my high pitch voice ISNT natural
lol no
I choose my voice I can do pretty much anything I want with it
<@171082989046988800>
and I sound VERY MUCH like a homo man with my voice
Im fine with any pronouns tbh, I just prefer they/them
me and keilo are twinzies
Like “oh what’s your birth sex if you don’t mind me asking”
I feel like sex MIGHT be the better word there
Aww how cute
omg you miss your boyfriend?
<:wokege:966623232918712331>
fml
… bruhmeta
IT HATES ME
… heki
I have never gotten that bot to work for me lmao
It’s like dogfighting we place bets on you
the fight who’s gonna win
place bets (since I know you alm love to gamble) who’s gonna Fen or Baban
the two children are duking it out
hey I’m nice to MOST
Hey I’m nicer to heki than rebooting
Hopefully he didn’t kill your braincells
Its ok Keilo just likes to bully people they truly love
I dont blame them at all
Ah
so many non arc city people now wow
hey at least you didnt lock gear this time
hey keilo can you help me with Couatl strats later?
HoF
they are giving rebooting advice
they saying for rebooting
heki strats
do you have 2nd mei m?
fr
bald more
raven is always hot
We can roleplay if you wanna see that
we just choosing names of characters
roleplay is different
the D is for dick
Ohh
wtf is cf
keep her so it always reminds you of me xx
I don’t do waifu gacha stuff
yea aka
how did I do
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
I have 2 zhenyi M and 1 B
VD focused pri arm when
Isnt her best DPS set Zhenyi TB Mei M?
I used SW for Para Sushang
Like the cargo shorts especially
She kinda looks like a 12 year old boy in that fit
Isnt she so cute?
forgot I had this in my camera roll
fr
🦄🫙
I was referencing cum jar when you said “LED light”
liberal DESTROYED with facts and logic
I just want merch in general not specifically a figure
I need the eden one
lmao no aponia
I wouldn’t cum on precious merch
I didn’t mean a figurine cmon
Eden merch when
someone turn nqn on
our roleplay killed it
depends on where you are
My mom
I had that cut off 20 years ago
Oh no Im sooo scared
At least I didn’t flop like Nyx
Adam is overrated and a flop
I wanna make out with morbius
That makes it worse
be pardo cause you’re both dumbasses
You did too by being alive
You guys didn’t like my roleplay? <:Herta:978910221877514240>
*Hey Guys!* Eden says, breasts bouncing as she runs up to her fellow flamechasers *Who wants to see my next show?*
hacker on that cunny meta
rn we have 17 herrschers in the server
So Bruh is Griseo…
If we run with that idea I’m pretty sure I’d have to be Eden
everyone’s gonna be fighting over who gets to be Mobius
there’s too little herrschers
wdym?
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
I think we all saw that
I’m pretty sure I did, it’s just I have super sensitive skin
One time I shaved my pubes, literally got super bad razor bumps and my whole… are was nothing but literally whiteheaded razor bumps
are you shane dawson?
Oh I will
S rank BKE Kafka TM Ely B is NOT fun to use
I used Pe
My BKE just sucks ass
kinda 3/4 ig cause no hekates
yes
I might try SA
at this point
eh
yea its bad
candy mei newt
obviously dont have her yet
Maybe I should go for Griseo gear cause damn
my BKE and Carole are TOO COPIUM
good thing I have mobius
My BKE is worse haha
my jizo is such a bad score lol
ouch
Ew
No
Just
Itd be weird to have kids that came from my genetics
Besides
I wont
my mom said I should donate sperm bc I’m not having any children anyways
this is the only subreddit I’ll join xx <@468680026162724864>
The only subreddit I browse is the Taylor Swift one and I wont touch 4chan with a 10 foot pole
keep it that way
oh you kids are too young to understand
if welt ever gets a figure I will jar it
🦄🫙
Dont worry
nothing
baban way too young for jar
based baban per usual
we just need homophobic dog as an emote in general
That’s me when I see rebooting
yass homophobic dog
gotta consider ER crystals too
I’m only passive aggressive to genshin and nonmeta players smh
and rebooting too
I’m just an asshole to specific people
He’s just an easy target
thank you
they did mean looks
people are just assholes
Btw I dont look like him
I’ve been compared to shane dawson when I fucking had short blonde hair
yes
God not the shane dawson thing coming back
I’m gonna put it this way: HSR has many of the same flaws as Genshin sadly so if you get burnt out on one you’ll get burnt out on the other. I must say since it is honkai based that makes it better than genshin
hey at least I have playing experience
Dont bother with hsr, mid game
used to be nsfw channel
frosted flakes
And how I tried my VK with utu but VG ended up being BETTER
Omg yea
20/10 dps
VG totally great valk
Hmm how would mihoyo powercreep AE without potential making her BiS for other elements too… maybe making the breach only usable by fire damage dealers?
I plan on getting Zhenyi final week of this patch then just going for 7t
Then think about griseo
Heki get HoS first and her gear
you can always use turg TB
no
Just use the rebooting definition of “it’s just getting worse”
heki in his dumb bitch era again
I barely retained RL with my SpA 😭
you’d need 2 supports at least to powercreep AE
just use cat
maybe 13th could shatter people’s egos and leave them completely mentally scarred and unable to fight back
I am lazy
blame nyx tbh
rip carv
Eh
SW/AE/RC/HB teams
omg 4 slot parties would be insane
but then you’ll be behind the people who use AE/VillV
<:TeriSweat:973794147683151912>
are you gonna be my cellmate then
new weapon type catalyst
Nah lets make AE better actually
I honestly didn’t know that Raven was so bad that turg cat killed her lol
Ive just had it sitting for a while
Nah
maybe I should get paga
I could get s1
meh I might try 4/4 SA but she feels copium
a dildo isnt the price of an SS dudu
gimme money then
Solid 600 probs
<@148145559897636865> what score can I get with this in RL
my S rank 2/4 dudu not gonna slay
I need to go to the keilo bootcamp to become dalao
Idk anyone
omg diavoros is your buddy?
You wanna see my anti flex
LMAO
you can just say yes I dont need screenshots 24/7
You for sure might score better than me
LMAO
do you have 12/12??
might score better than me
Have you made AF pri?
Jizo right
good
slayed
She's just so good for mob clearing
Kuru kuru one of my fav 4 star dps
Honestly
I went to exalted right away
I never got below a3
I wasnt whale and broke through in 5.1? So I lost mine quick
2 def goblets in a row someone shoot me
it is just breakthrough
maybe if you can immediately retain nirvana  then you can keep your virtual trophies
you will get your xtals with virtual trophies
just chill you JUST entered EX
probs
Yea we slack here
just mald
Thank god I’m still in 8th
ok but (hsr spoilers) THE COCOLIA BOSSFIGHT IS SO FUN OMG
I need to do DKs still
Sorry for responding a half an hour later but I was busy bullying rebooting
with my lvl 50 pri? Hell no
<:TeriSweat:973794147683151912>
yes
wtf happened
ig I can join you
L
<@171082989046988800> where’s the omegle stream
omg another binley mega chippy fan
fr ranks are really good
I didn’t realize how much of an upgrade it was until I got it
I finally have SS2 FR and I’m waiting for SSS eventually
they can tell
It’s a learning curve for sure
Not bad and I actually really enjoy playing it
Flute took me a bit too
I got sax first try
it took me a while to get a sound out of the oboe
I just need to get my hands on a bassoon
I’m glad I have experience on almost every instrument already
Same here so I’m nervous about that
Hard to learn an instrument in one semester honestly so you can’t do much
We have classes that help you learn and teach every instrument 😭
Honestly yea, that way you can properly teach every instrument
Especially dipping my toe into woodwind things when I’m mostly a brass player
Do I deserve to go? No. But I’ll have fun
It’s in Chicago so I’m taking a train there
It will be
I’m actually gonna be performing in the national flute association 😭
Except for the one bitch who came in positive for covid without a mask 3 FUCKING TIMES
Its a small program so it’s nice and chill
I wish I could do that
aural skills king omg
We only have 2 horns in our studio so <:Terichew:973794176015675392>
I don’t know my professor’s exact age but I think 30s maybe 40s
come up here to michigan we’ll treat you better
and they let me do different instruments as well, not just only making me do horn
True
Also yeah unless you have an adapter the professors are gonna kill you
Like eventually I want to go into performance career wise so I try and practice 30 min a day minimum but yea
Oh I bet
<:TeriSweat:973794147683151912>
Sounds like your program was kinda ass
My primary is horn and I’m playing baritone for marching band and I’m also doing flute choir
I did prenursing for one year and then switched to music ed
Idk I find it enjoyable
Music Ed yep
I gotta get ready for theory 3
me too
Oh man I’m kinda nervous with my score
S rank cat issue here
(don’t mind me scoring 572 with my spa)
Doesnt FT still have some 0 second kills? Definitely good in MA still then
omg I decided to play with my brain
POV you aren’t <@171082989046988800>
taihen would love it
someone was holding it
kms
I wonder how much how much griseo shill there will be
Maybe my score isn’t so bad for my god awful attack
lvl 50 pri
<:TeriSweat:973794147683151912>
Danzai deserved better
ah
who tf is that for?
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
maybe I’ll join in a bit babes
POV you’re watching dia’s nightmares
if only I upgraded FR pri
turg is a must so yes
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
get good
tempted
with no refs either
But it’s the best I can do
not really
I tried something different
well
1 ult gets me down just a single bar lol
its ass omg
On SSS Tona
idk if I wanna try dps fr
acting like a genshin fan fr
i wish she was
I’ll just have to start posting covers of songs
Not wrong tbh, it’s not like I couldn’t change it but I’m fine with it
so my voice = gay got it huh
oof tarot is sometimes rough
we literally just got done with husk
lol
no spa pri?
do you have the pris?
aka
isnt it AKA TOO?
no pris = fucked
Its not good either
you’re dead xx
Aoi coming out arc
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324> <:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
it’s because Itto is the best genshin  character
nanana come on
I'm glad you all love my razor impression
he just wants his vbucks
i also have a razor impression
ugh
how did I do
osmanthus wine tastes the same as I remember
I dont wanna record shit
I have an okay zhong impression
<@171082989046988800> sing born this way
many
they are WILD
Damn I need to actually play huh
listen to my beautiful voice
slayed
but if you're so curious I guess I can indulge you with a tune
ok if I sing I'm not doing anything too loud bc its 11 pm here
I'll just put on instrumentals or sing acapella
I usually dont use my uke because meh
anyways
idek what herrscher I am
oh god lemme see
Lemme sing you all a song on my ukulele
You had a bad teacher omg
Good thing I can read in 4 clefs
Sheet music is actually pretty easy
mostly hard work, I didn’t have much talent
ok but this one slays for sure
I can also play 10+ instruments
I’m not rich and I don’t shoot guns
wait until I tell you I’m a music major in college
Also total different topic but I spent like $200 on vinyl today <:TeriSweat:973794147683151912>
I like fall clothes tbh
I prefer like 75 but my wardrobe preference is like 55
If it was 85 Celsius it’d be almost boiling and you’d be dead
open a window
Oh how my insecurities controlled me
I once deadass wore sweatshirts during like 85+ full sun weather
75 is a perfect temperature
haven’t touched comms in months here
we suspect he might be like a full on lolicon
Diavoros just hates anyone who isn’t a kid
dudu abyss is yassified abyss
aponia ice dps
you were carried in by a big ol pelican wrapped up in a cute blanket
has to be extra small to fit there though
mouth ass and earhole?
that’s when you try the bottom
just sleep during aka
lvl 50 pri is what’s really killing me
S1 lvl 50 pri someone help me
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
AE and Spa has ignite
Fucking
raven can use turg TB
fr
Balding is a lifestyle
Oh my
marshmallow gonna be your new alter ego?
you dont even have the role to see it
good I’m gonna do it anyways
should i
Sending my whole twitter feed
I’ll change that
are you feeling better at least now
Damn it’s boring shouldn’t have bothered
didnt have the role
read the channel description
we dont even have a porn channel huh
that probs have actual porn
I really like the mint thin ones
maybe you just have 0 taste?
gimme the chromatica oreo
I am an ally!
I love gays
No!
Anyways Nothing New (featuring Phoebe Bridgers) is hella good and might be good
Embrace your homosexuality
Yes this
Scara 2.0 moment fr
trying to give you a Taylor Swift song so that you can come back to reality more by either being annoyed af or liking it
you're welcome
Post nut clarity
Scaramouche hate brings people together!
SCARA IS MY LEAST FAV LMAO
I really don't
partially
Playable it’s Xiao, non playable it’s scaramouche
She’s not my least fav
But seriously, you're not in a place you can't come back from. You know you may be lacking in some life skills so go out and learn them.
Yass gotta really embrace hell and fully embrace those dirty homosexual urges! If we live in hell why not right?
Look, just because you don't have some life skills currently doesn't mean you aren't nothing and can't amount to nothing. You may have to learn these later in life but you ARE still young, only 20. Take a deep breath and it can all be alright in the end of it all, even in this current hellscape of a world.
When the floor falls out, you can't help but fall down in
No but if you're just coming to realizations about the world that sucks after a veil placed there by mommy and daddy and their money, well I can see why you're so shaken up by it.
I'm totally just a corporate dick sucker you clearly know me VERY well from the few times I text in here xx
POV you’re dalao
<@171082989046988800> are you gonna shave your head now?
are you in your britney 2008 era?
girl...
And to have drugs taken away
and some advice
What he needs is a good hug
Jk
yes
So you are the opposite of teri?
reboo why have you snapped
wait do people use Felis over Raven in fire teams???
I find that if I dont kill them I cant even do the task so I just kill them anyways
I would be tempted to skip bastet again ngl
skipping griseo gear
obviously not MA
for AKA?
S0 lol
lacking qua and ignite a little since lacking some ranks on my SpA
probably DP actually
Maining anyone sounds like hell
they started in sinful so
I have a friend who’s much worse position than heki but they’re at least up to agony 2 now
fr
wonder why
taihen one of the most f2p people here
well obviously that quiz thinks so
I dont HATE kokomi, just think she’s kinda mid
didn’t know this server was actually a kokomi fan club
Just bc I don’t like 1 character
idk I kinda find her annoying
ew I got kokomi
hot weap too
I still havent cleared FS trial ngl
I am the good luck charm
It does iirc on fully charged shots
star of eden
doesnt SoE have gather on it?
fr I can only watch yaoi, only thing that turns me on
It will burn your eyes
no
heki just dumb ok
shorter than me = short
L imagine being short
Jotaro?
You’re just a minor
8ba
who’s dick did you suck
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
people just need to stop being stupid
fr
poor
heki moment
Nyx w/ SN support also uses it for SS tona
welp
ouch
At least this week I got SS2 FR
1299 here
I am also using AE
also only SS HB
Still hard with my s0 sw
ok I did a little better finally
I should deviate from the ref a little  bit maybe….
slay thats the ref Im using
found one on youtube
Im gonna try and find one but
for husk
s0 rl SW
send a ref pretty please xx
so true
hmm what to run for SS tona
that is pulling a heki oml
<:fishwow:963697747473604638>
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
only I saw it
2+ and you got me beat
only issue she didn’t identify as a girl when we dated
I can *technically* say I’ve had a gf
Yea because I don’t exclusively bottom
baby
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
I’m going into my 3rd year of college soon
As adults, our main topic of conversation is ~~sex~~ our favorite gacha games
I am 20 so ofc ppl 3 years younger look young af to me
no literally I look at seniors in hs and I’m like… damn they look so young
Heki is a baby?
Never thought about the name
omg are we shipping members of this server now
could be… worse
Actually my paycheck just got added last night so
me neither
they mix sperm together and impregnate a woman in order to make baby genetically theirs
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
what if they want surrogate kids
See if we’re talking about this in a non-joking manner, the current amount of people could be sustainable if people decided to live sustainability (and companies not fuck up the world, which lets be honest it isn’t happening) but obviously with the current state of living we don’t need more people at all and we need quite a few less
fr like we don’t need more gay people
thock is life
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
they/them cock
Taihen ready to give it all up for the thock
my body count is barely double digits tho so I’m not a hoe
It’s such a fun game! My Hubby plays it all the time with his best friend Joe!
yes
I love milfs and dilfs
sex talk the first dick I ever bottomed for was over 7 inches haha
*looks at the 7 incher you struggle with*
She’s hot af I wont lie
…
Natasha Cioara Raven?
wait I thought I was in horny jail for a second
That’s why I use cerave lol
I should do dorms but… also lazy
its a degen one but for now just spoiler stuff till its changed over
If you do wanna discuss leaks here just make sure to spoiler it : )
Its still a part of the locked channels because it went from a nsfw one to a spoiler one
And datamines
We literally made a whole chat for uncensored leaks
Because carv doesnt like leaks
Censor it
Again
or feel the wrath of carv
delete
lol what
maybe I should find someone new
<:Pikahands:973266725837623326>
Anyways
Lmao
Like he only really seems to want to talk about what he wants to talk about and whenever I try and strike up a conversation that I'm interested in I get hit with cold shoulder or straight up getting ignored
The issue is that he likes me, but doesn't seem interested in me
Fr
Do you ever keep talking to someone because you're not in the talking stage with anyone else but also like you know they aren't really gonna ever click
eh not much of a loss tbh
what do you rank me xx
he really loves cunny huh
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
where is your lightning dps
Mobius (one of) the best flamechasers tbh
tarot duh
idek what my sakura tree is on bc I only pick up genshin now and then
I’m white but at least I do better than that wtf
no spoiler marks makes you feel the wrath of carv
mobius summer skin discussion was uncircumcised
be happy you misses the leeks
I’m not afraid to admit it: it’s ugly
Uh yea that outfit is… definitely clothing
G3 turg when
Alt right pipeline
True but his influence with his satire definitely influenced people to the wrong side
or idubbz
My problematic fav is Joni Mitchell… she did black face back in the 70s 🫣
Oh are we talking about problematic favs?
End of Eva is canon and contains episodes 25 and 26 her soul got sucked into the instrumentality project before she truly died so once that got stopped by shinji her body rematerialized
Gayness was the cherry on top
Imagery? It’s so cool tbh
I actually like Evangelion for the content haha
ofc you did
Damn Im even doing better than Carv in MA
elch 🤞
oh lord
Lmao I actually got mobius
Yass I’m crazy!
I’d get mobius
lmao I got 1st in my bracket
Do you even WANT HoS at this point damn
this is why you don’t have HoS
why is my bracket so lazy lmao
no
I still have like 800 AL 😭
Hitcount husk>>paralyze husk
same
bracket is sleepy huh
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
I’ll do that too then
I’m gonna go have drunk karaoke now
Good ones?
What songs are they singing
Who else is morbiussexual?
Morbius Pride! I finally feel represented
just like griseo
Su
I’m not a lesbian but I have fallen for her too
It’s a little bit longer rn
I should cut my hair like her
hear me out here
Einstein>>>Albedo
Ok but highkey Einstein is hot as fuck
Idk he marries tesla?
Ok but Welt and Su are the best honkai men lets be honest
You all need to be put down fr
Jesus fucking christ
and has a whole skin care and haircare routine
Showers every day
Otto probably smells like roses
Some people like that
Sieg probably has fried ass hair that feels like straw
Otto at least takes care of his hair
Just a little bit
Lowkey also otto is kinda hot
Lowkey Sieg is ugly
Welt
Not diapers 😭
DL = Downlow
Sieg definitely has gave a brojob once
Kevin is the DL boy who goes on to have a wife and kids while Su just gets used by him
cant have powercreep if all the valks are dead
New honkai collab announced!
My idol
She’s my queen
🫶
Thats millie bobby brown
I heard that it’s actually Millie Bobby Brown’s Dog
me too
Just no
Like you?
Diavoros would love it
is it nsfw?
taste
wth
You’re right Teri might be too old for her
Teri x Himeko duh
I should probably be getting in more than the 500s with this set up but meh
I need to try in abyss lmao
simp
No HoS?
No Iris?
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
At least that’s a change of pace but still
Like who wouldn’t want to top Itto? That sounds more fun than topping fucking Gorou
I’m not a bottom and still don’t like gorou
You’re right Thoma is actually worse than mid in both looks and gameplay
If they like twinks then that’s their own problem
wow and all are mid too
fr or they like armpits
I made it on time
Lol
that was earlier
Omg so it’s night for me but that reminded me today I woke up 20 minutes before I needed to leave for work
ez
Just get turg
had 9 hour today xx
Cant assault your wallet unless you buy from me
Im at work bro
Sober arc
Oh that’s why there’s BKE shill rn
gl with the bald I am too tired to not sleep
I don’t even have lvl 65 AF so I am not trying hard
Rough ass fight
Ouch
And I think you were already 6 seconds behind at the beginning?
Gotta get all those evades and not get hit once
I can never get that timing
HoS chains evade then spear duh
slay
What score are you aiming for?
bald
fr
Kalpass has an ugly outfit
Kevin is overrated and a flop
Welt is the hottest man in honkai
man has titties
I can find one
sure
I’d rather suck on Welts thank you very much
Therefore I’m not small brain
Being a non gamer = having more time for other things = being time efficient
I don’t have a small brain
never said he wasn’t
Mhm
Iirc you said you liked this mf
I just know
Wrong game
your taste in 2d men says enough
<@171082989046988800> your taste in men
Matty B king of rap
designer interior with heated leather and automatic lubricant pussy is what these trans girls have
she’s got that custom built pussy
million dollar pussee
I showed my hair color a while back and it’s shoulder length
Thats keilo
at least I’m not a virgin at 20
rookie numbers
more direct access to bowels
THERE IS A MEDICAL USE FOR ENEMAS SO ITS OK
squirts liquid up your butt, used for either cleaning or medicine
Idk how I feel about the pup kink
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
sadly
Just eat more fiber smh
you don’t even bottom rn what’s it doing? Collecting dust?
<:HelloFbi:977468843884691456>
Bidets are overrated and a flop
Is Diavoros a farmer? Cause he loves strawmen huh
arc city died because it became only Dia ranting
is that actually the full movie lol
losing
almost 100
keilo gets a 90 just because they won't bald for me
overrated and a flop
Diavoros is overrated and a flop
Glad they took my advice
I'm enby (specifically agender) so I don't care for mlm exclusive mfs
Exactly
<:yaesmug:963351773869903874>
hey I'm gay not mlm exclusive
if I were them I'd fall in love instantly
yes
Way too much
I felt that
Fr
gay nonbinary and agender
jk I kinda hate pride flags
my stig art would just be my different pride flags
AKA> Nyx
I see it on twitter often
Some people are into that
I eat mcdonalds
I'll give you head
can you buy me crystals xx
why crit rate <:Herta:978910221877514240>
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
I’m using Elegy on yelan rn so
Ik 4 emblem is her BiS BUTT
Good thing they use the same domain somewhat
lets farm some HoD and BS
LOL
I KNOW YOUR GEAR SUCKS
Yelan uses HP
Use them together <:HMM:966625453194485760>
my highest is 1370 LOL
so close to 110k
Anyways
pokenut november btw
It is what is sounds like sadly
Reminds me of pokenut november
Teri = tall
Maybe I wanna hold 4 hands <:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
why are you sussing me smh
I wanna see what his 4 arms can do
He’s so hot
Ok not bad
I just even first stepped foot in the Chasm yesterday
I got 4/4 SA but I still use Glutt Mei Newt Carole cause she’s just faster 😭
I will CONTINUE to use SA even with Carole and Griseo
Not happening
see you’re trying to spread propaganda to make me care about griseo
Slayyy
glb loves riding Dudu’s dick fr
Not stealing anything from me still
<:yaesmug:963351773869903874>
you cant steal from a gay person during pride
Yass queen slay!
CARV SLEEP
did you join
NICKY MINAJ
NA does
ok slay
Omg yelan haver
feather looks amazing
I’ll come and watch you stream xx
I'd wear that on some booty shorts
Bottoms?
<:TeriMald:973795215045455872>
Why do these homos think they’re so much better and deserve a whole month to themselves
I think we should have a straight pride month
Why do they get a whole month smh
A lot of older kids and adults play roblox for the irony of it so a lot would
we knew that
roblox doesn’t stan loona
Like, maybe 8 years ago
No no this was YEARS ago
It was like twisted murderer or something
I remember there was this fun game I used to play a lot
You’re actually the age of someone who should be playing roblox at least
Y’all actually care about your avatars?
I only have roblox to sometimes play vietnam war simulator with my friends 😭
don’t worry your comeback era will be coming soon fr
Ok you were right definitely a flop era then
But your flop era is just going more downhill it never stopped
I’m aware of the slang
I think that’s called just going downhill
if you do you better change your name again
wow
slay
I got Bianka T now so I can slay
?
what’s your score?
No PE = no opinion
good
I’m still waiting for Loona x HI3 <:HMM:966625453194485760>
GGZ x HI3
never happened before
Waiting for that collab
Herta in Honkai Impact when
She’s okay but not BiS anywhere
I don’t think she’s BiS on any team unless you whale hard
… not really
Mid too tho
Sakura too
More stupid players = lower disturbance = more crystals for me
fr
Game forcing you to play meta Heki
Is it Chuu?
No fr like playing at least meta conscious helps you get the characters you want too 😭
There were a few genshin rolls I didn’t care about meta with (Zhongli’s first banner and Yae) but usually I did end up caring, but I definitely don’t care about meta in Genshin the way I do in Honkai
I remember I first rolled Ganyu just because she was the best dps 😭
No but I do try and just be like “hey meta ends up being a sort of important in this game might wanna be aware of that”
so metaslave!!
I’m definitely not good at explaining this so I’ll just leave it be
No ik but I’m only saying it because it’s people who brought the mentality from genshin and it’s clear that they did. Obviously not only a genshin thing but there is a very large “anti meta” mindset within a good chunk of the playerbase
Like… when you try to give tips to new honkai players and tell them that they need to think about at least some competitive aspects if they wanna pull the characters they like but they’re like “oh no I don’t care about damage at all I just wanna pull”
ok I’m gonna have trouble explaining this
Bc I know it’s counterproductive but they reply like they don’t even read your message half the time <:Terichew:973794176015675392>
Oh man I have to try my hardest not to get snappy at people who play honkai like genshin
Newt B maybe?
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
It doesn’t work amazing though since she can’t refresh the buff often
Want Tb tho
yes
Imagine not having at least a decently geared phys team
My 2k xtals are READY for DKey
How come you don’t have HoS then hmm
Only because she has no tits?
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
good luck
Finally can do the ult to instakill the 1st phase <:Herta:978910221877514240>
I usually do DK raids so I forget what the co-op training things are
Oh yea true
Doesnt aponia have better aoe than flamescion?
ok this looks ok!
SS IO
damn that improvement
arbys
yass queen slay!
b
we having a gay time
we need bronseele pfp again
man I suck ass at BKE
fr
bruh
I pray to jesus every night
Sinners must repent!
tried to say amazing gameplay
I was aware, but I think my internet is shit rn
Yes I know
I haven’t done genshin abyss in forever 😭
The two As in Aponia stands for Ally!
I support her NGL
Kevin has changed his way and prays for forgiveness from the lord and savior
kevin when he sees Elysia and Eden hanging out
beautiful singing
Besties and gal pals Eden and Elysia
I hate gay people!
The dog ones, the taylor swift ones, and the millie bobby brown ones
It’s just funny that I have multiple homophobic memes saved
No but it would be funny
pulling this out for pride month <:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
See I’m not really a part of any kink shit so idk their acronyms
I thought you meant ACTUAL kink cuck stuff
tell me more
Norman Fucking rockwell, an album by lana del rey
what’s ntr I only know nfr
long term relationship
Idk if bumble is any better
That’s lesbian balding on dating apps
Bald on tinder to find a girl that DOESNT immediately want a ltr or wants a 3rd for a relationship
Jk I deleted that app a few months ago
I’m definitely up there
Bald on Grindr
By balding even more this month?
(Sad cause this is definitely within the realm of possibility)
Who needs to doompost honkai when you can doompost irl
Next 10 years!
Famine when food surplus! I would LOVE to see it tbh
Yass late stage capitalism!
I mean them + oil company greed
Ugh gas is going up again… I wonder when it’s gonna peak cause holy shit
coping with this score
Imagine doing good in RL… couldn’t be me <:Herta:978910221877514240>
Me too, I got a 466 <:Herta:978910221877514240>
Scara phys dps catalyst
so yes
we need at least 2 good electro 5 stars tbh
new yaksha upcoming 5 star 👀
anyways let’s talk about my horrible attack 😭
If they don’t meet my standards? Goodbye
See I can get dates I just can’t find good people to date around here
Imagine having a gf (I’ve had one before too)
I probably would’ve been only confessed to as a joke in middle school
Mommy Rita
Ok but confessing your feelings is cringe like I could never
my ass might as well have some use while it’s still fat
Just like my inspo himeko <:fishwow:963697747473604638>
Ugh I wish he had power over payroll cause I would’ve
One of my managers told me he wanted to have sex with me <:sussge:968897150249484389>
See I can’t draw so I’ll just write a fic
I haven’t even been able to find any welt r34 which is just sad
is it all Welt?
Or maybe someone with daddy issues that only dates above 2 times their age
Some peoples definition of a relationship is something they take money from
just give it time and don’t try and force it, if it does develop then that’s fine but if you keep the same feelings then that’s fine too
She made a vibrator back in her day by filling a gourd with bees
Be like cleopatra and fill a gourd with bees
Aoi just needs a ref
I’m a professional doctwhore just trust me
Just masturbate a ton to get a rush of dopamine each time
I’m 20 so yes
Actually ngl it gets kinda boring if it’s that long sometimes
See I have 2 different body soaps, a shampoo and a conditioner (with extra hair care outside of the shower too)
I usually shower around 10 minutes unless it’s a shampoo day then I take a bit longer
everything and then some
I would rather kill myself than ever use 3 in 1
Literally as soon as I found out my previous crush used 3 in 1 I stopped liking him immediately
did he use this
“Just don’t be attracted to me” sorry I don’t like men who use 3-in-1 when they shower every other week
I don’t think it can get much worse than furry kids tbh
I can sympathize with them I’m homophobic too fr fr 🔥
A homosexual?
Happened to my buddy once
If I didn’t know better I’d think this is degeneral cause
soon
AMONG US
5* XL would be scary
I surprisingly have a good armada already but thanks
in what?
Since I have redhorn
I could
lovely
cool so genshin meta stale as ever
Ah so Xingqiu is still better because at least he's pretty
Any national variant> your fav team
Yelan has more for the armpit enthusiasts than jean does tbh
Or horny mfs who only think with their lower head
Or maybe people still clinging on to klee dps and wanna get her hydro app
She’s definitely a great roll for those who wanna do like National abyss then hu tao other side
Gonna support my non existent klee
Ah yes lemme just roll c2 5 star 🥰
I said other than cause ik she is one
Wtf does Yelan even do other than be a 5 star xingqiu I haven’t been keeping up-to-date with genshin
shouldn’t be this bad but still <:Terichew:973794176015675392>
That and also Carole gear and also Kafka TM Ely B
Idek
Why is my PE so bad in RL
Just dont!
So bad
Need Bianka T
I just
Still bad but maybe I can blame Kafka
Rot for Glutt Mei Newt is easier
Yep I do weap active
🫣
Ik I suck but so does my gear
improvements
Bianka T issue
I know my issue
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
Even like half of the PE HoDom rotations aren’t even her full rotation
I even try to follow rots and I just can’t get a hang of my personal PE’s rotation
SUCK
I just
But something about HoDom
I’m usually not this bad
Don’t ask
Major skill issues here
me doing my daily affirmations
Literally the stigs are useless without it
God I need Bianka T so bad
Not worth it!
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
AE is an amazing choice of course
Of course it's AE
You can call me Evn, Evan, or anything really. 
Battlesuit - IO (Mobius), her animations are great and super fun to play
Outfit - Probably Rosy passion (Blood Rose wedding fit)
So all my fault
I cant say much I crashed my car from black ice
I started in high school and since it's summer I work 30+ hours a week
next time just don't crash your car
I've been working part time since I was 16
I lost like 12 because I returned a textbook EARLY and they couldn't find it again when it was time for me to return the rest of the books
Thank you!
I plan on buying some records and stuff
Cause rent cleaned me out
I'll treat myself next week when my paycheck comes in
Although I'm no longer a teenager and that's kind of scary
I'll try my best
<:yaesmug:963351773869903874>
It’s today lmao
Honestly silver hair would be so nice cause then I could dye it without bleach
I decided to dye my hair for my birthday cause I wanted to have a cool look put together
I have dark brown hair
Jk
I’m a professional hair colorist now
i need to condition it now but tomorrow 😭
this is a cropped pic to just show what I did
Just lazy
I need to bleach again
Just the ends because that’s what is bleached currently
Mix of blue and pink
I dyed it
Turned out really well
Omg so update on my hair
<:SeeleSegs:966624134756970517>
I already have Gustav 😍
She doesnt even have her M piece so L
my best att is HoF at 1371
Lol
omg my HoS is at 1257
Mobius is fun so yes
Thats my max pri IO tho 😭
Issue is
Twinzies
keilo how do you feel about my low ass attack
yea… carole might not be enough dmg
Since my Mobi has low attack I might go fisch even tho I wont get a 0 second
If I’m running BD that is
might need Turg for Bella tho
Hmm
What should I use on Fisch instead of Zhenyi since I don’t have T
someone donate Zhenyi T (I will suck your dick for it)
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
Is Zhenyi T
what I really need this week
Or HoT leader HoF
HoF SW maybe?
4/4 mobius gonna pull through
oh fuck
my DXY runs are ass cause I always think about her last
And I didn’t do too bad in Ma by doing my own strats
True true
Is it bad that I never watch rotation videos and just come up with my own flawed strat?
I am dying my hair for the 2nd time tonight pray for me
I don’t actually smoke
Daddy issues <:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
Give me a sec gonna go listen to Lana Del Rey and smoke a cigarette now
They’re nice too
👀👀
He’s over 4x my age
Maybe I do have daddy issues
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
Honestly so far in stair rail Welt is the only one I’m attracted too
Did the spirit of Diavoros make you say that?
How do you feel about itto
James Charles was exposed for sexting a 16 year old boy so
yes
be careful you’re in his age range
ifunny.co
You know me xx
I cannot stand these sinners that call themselves homosexuals
me too dw
I cannot stand homosexuals sometimes
<:MonkaS:966624721925976094>
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
amongus
I guess I’m just special <:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
Its fun
Damnn
But yea Michigan isn’t all that great either
At least Ohio has Cedar point
I’m not much better here in Michigan tbh
Ohio is actually hell
yeehaw
Skill issue?
Uh
Oops
Wait I forgot
NA privilege tbh
maybe I’ll get top 2%
Slayed!
It is pretty competitive for EU tbh
mald on clock
I used to not like BKE’s gameplay but it grew on me
Imagine not already being in Star rail
I never buy milk tbh
lowkey I only occasionally like chocolate milk
<:TeriStare:973793234096648202>
Hmm
keilo you have been very silent
hmm what if
you’re doing amazing dont worry
Y’know, watching this stream makes me thing I don’t have as many skill issues as I thought
So am I so it works out
I have Irene M
Too lazy to rerun sushang
no
Not like I really have anything else so meh
I think there are more problems with that then just that
this is what I used so hope I can just retain
Absolutely not
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
That’s why I used SW duh
I’m also in RL so
with s0 HoT 😍
Mmm 10/10 for sure
Do you think I could do well on Sushang with this?
My HoT is ASS so I’m not using her
You can do a lot better than that
my bracket is so lazy
Omegaverse shit
They sent me
I regret that
I was gonna see the tiktoks my friend sent
great start there
FR
I started before Keilo?
Wait
<@781539392039682058>
I just did it with Nini so I was set
I do have AE was just too lazy to try that strat
I remember the 31.2k on DXY with WC from Marisa
Wasn’t that patches tho?
this isn’t the best performance but at least it’s better than using up my turg for Husk
I almost made the same mistake
My body pretty much forces me to get 8 hours
Use SW
rotation issues
Just get more crits
paga FR
Mobius just sank into the ground
gear issue
I actually have a lower salary than a McDonalds worker rn fun fact
keilo f2p arc
Keilo got fired from McDonalds
then your ice team isn’t built either huh
HoF is useless, literally barely better than SSS AE
And no paga
Where’s your SW then?
I’m gonna say it’s horrible cause no HoS
Everyone has SW duh
CN discussion has been this bad for some time now
See I kinda know how to play PE it’s just… I don’t have Bianka T
its okay cause I think my whole bracket is struggling so I'll live with my 400
hehehe
oh and my eden is only 3/4 and S rank
oh and only s0 SW
Well not SS2 FR
Bald on my account
Aren't you in A3
OH NO
slayed
nvm scored worse for me either way
Hmm Raven or AE for the support tho
Maybe I should try HoF then
So it IS possible
I mean that's the score I got
so this is possible with SW
too hard
I keep fucking up and not getting that last hit on her full stacks combo
<:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
same
hey it worked lol
let me just give HoS rangers gauntlets
Mei pp
So... newt
thales M?
Zhenyi M and Linnaeus T boost summons tdm
Lightning dmg
nvm
Linnaeus
Wait
ah I can try
I still don't have SoS
Hey keilo
I'm sure the threshold is different so I'd probably need an example there (still, 1 paga issue)
Regardless
It doesnt use cubes
Im assuming the threshold is different for masters
You’re in masters MA still right?
Again if I fucking had that I’d use it
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
yes
So do I need paga to even start doing damage?
It literally does nothing
And in exalted I’m assuming that rangers cross cant cross that threshold
I only have B so L
Hitcount?
ITS RIMESTAR
BESIDES
No paga
Anyone know how much attack a SR needs to have ranger’s cross break rimestar shield?
Oh man I gotta lower my graphic settings for this sushang fight huh
Heki doesnt have ch either Im pretty sure
Is your HoF just ass or something?
HoF can barge through Assaka range so she can do this
not big enough
Maybe if you had HoS…
I kinda wanna try SW HB Eden/FR
amazing score
dia meta too
Like the word we sometimes use for Griseo
<:Herta:978910221877514240>
the ana 😭
(not fun on para husk)
Im running SW to cope
So I can feel fine about skipping Aponia, amazing. (just gotta wait for 5.9 valk)
I wonder how v3 performs on psy bosses tho
I did wish they still gave a bit of TDM on non countered bosses so I could feel better about skipping eden
There’s things that make me happy for a period of my life but I eventually grow out of (genshin)
I forgot it existed
Brain is as empty as Diavoros
Why NOT tc honkai?
DKey HoR when
She is old tho…
Not like HoR has much use these days
Like that one huodou strat in MA with newt B
Some niche uses its definitely better
Heki at this point you need to just swipe when HoS gets a rerun
Heki has horrible decision making
f2p abyss menu speedrun no cheats
Doompostervoros omg
SW would get better scores on a mech ice boss than her
DPS suit
Honestly though we really need a psy ice suit
He’s too much of a male for her to even look in his direction
Dudu lives in his mind rent free
lightning ima suit
Memento DK when
Let me just retain RL sushang with SW
20% dmg buff and timestop is obviously a nerf
He’s doom posting because of cunny nerf
Ah
wait rime shield damage is also based on attack not just hitcount?
Can’t believe they’re giving griseo’s ult 1 less second of time fracture
Griseo is getting nerfed again
legit
Rangers before could be set down and kill Rime’s shield itself and now it barely tickles it
I think for some reason rangers stopped working as well on rime as it did before
I haven’t been following beta and I just found out that we’re gonna have a bleed weather… lol
istg people actually be sexualizing a dog
These comments 😭
There was another dog on tiktok I know that people were like that towards
isnt relevant obviously
Imagine there being a good yae
I got Vks skin so
then you
first you
Hoyo wants to hire you
Don’t worry guys we’ll start getting halfway patch updates that instantly powercreep the newest valk
I cant stand children so same
No one cares about griseo (good)
wasn’t VK decent on at least AKA until IO??
Uriel also has worse drawbacks
HoT literally needs to take lightning andrius or she’s shit
Maincord be like “7T is now a nerf to HoT! HotF now better again”
trust me herrscher Ely next patch
Time to pull out the Mobius and HoF in order to skip 7t <:deadge:975652771082698782>
Everyone is illiterate
It’s not like the newer honkai players can read at all
HoT already had her time to shine
Doesnt maincord hate dudu tho?
It’s really only for her bosses and it should work fine so idek why people are mad she DOESNT powercreep Aponia
As an RL player, IO and SW are gonna be my lightning shill valks still
Skipping both aponia and DK hoT
Now I’m considering
Hmm
diavoros
thought we stopped with the heavy DK drawbacks when AF came out
the ult CD hurts
True
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
hoyo just saw CN players regret rolling Aponia so they made some HoT DK buffs mech only
skill issue
Carv needs a bedtime
Carv for mod so he can bully
this happy?
<:TeriAhe:973793204237398106>
I wonder why
Hmm
But if you do want one during beta access I’d be willing
Not rn
Obviously
Well
I’m not too far in yet so I can definitely do slow lore stream for carv to take notes
I mean if you want me to do a slow lore stream for you carv I can
I very much zoned out during that scene
I’ve played it but not looked that far into the lore
(def kafka)
Who would be the daddy tho?
it is
Rex (orange county) and (lana del) rey is what I’ll call them if they don’t get good names
Best HSR character
I havent done the new story oops
(and skipping that stupid looking kid too)
Fine… I’ll just save for HoT DK
I don’t have enough crystals for that tho
cmon I need Zhenyi T
Hey keilo can you lend me your credit card?
I never had the patience to learn DJ
A song that’s fun too
confidence makes your breathing stable too
everyone starts from somewhere
Chest voice is around your speaking range
Chest voice
I use my head voice for fun sometimes
A lot of foundations of good singing comes from proper breath control and support
on mute yea
Just call me eden with my pipes
Maybe
Hmm
Goes hard
we need another general now
Evangelion version?
Fenri had a beautiful voice 20/10
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
Missed out on some beautiful rapping too
me after my performance
mouth wide open like I was at the dentist
too deep
They'd ban me from wfp for my bars
we already got free HoT
massive copium
200/10
no
record yourself singing moon halo for the contest
this is emotional
<@468680026162724864> 
do nightglow
hourly
Well you're singing the right notes so its actually not horrible
I was actually thinking about doing that
sing moon halo
sing us a song
20/10 singing
yes
probably like 3/10, pretty quite but audible
yea
No DoR?
HUH
L
I should get some chicken out and defrost it for tomorrow
omg that reminds me
I wanted to buy some new records for myself for my birthday but uhh... last paycheck was a bit less than expected so I gotta make sure to have enough for essentials
me too
fair
just call in sick
lol
And much less that Diavoros
<:TeriStare:973793234096648202>
I mean they are dating someone 3 years younger so how much of a shock is it really
SW Eden HB
Lemme just
Also my lack of zhenyi t fuckin sucks too
hoping
For no handel B Im guessing newt works?
I might use that
True
also no zhenyi dupes for dps
😭
SS1 FR
idek what’s gonna work on para sushang ngl
Killing myself now
I have 1290 attack I’m not affix gaming either
this person is below me… definitely some skill issues going on
I love the lite
Ofcc
I’ll take one too
Also who tf wants to ever work a 2-11pm shift
It’s all whatever just… ugh
I don’t get paid enough for this shit
Nah but like
<:PepeSmile:966629532943650836>
Communist but I also drink cum
I’m a cummunist so I def agree
But just that passive aggressiveness was frustrating
She obviously isn’t gonna harm me for it
like
Exactly
you cant expect to always get a schedule change approved when it’s tomorrow
Tomorrow
It’s literally
She asked me to work later TOMORROW, was in the car so I gave a tentative yes but got home and realized I had rehearsal for a flute choir I’m in so had to call her back and say “Cant do that” and she was so… passive aggressive
Oh man my manager just got mad at me <:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
That one dead body in genshit
Yes!
Its an amazing fanbase for kid's brain development
Christian server
wtf
I will make him a balder like Keilo
I’m gonna tell him to save for not Midponia
Damn 😭😭
I should definitely do some DK raids for myself though if anyone would like to help with those
I got 4600 roughly
I TRIED THAT
Maybe I’ll convice him to get Hekates
His fault for putting no effort into phys
L for him tbh
gets 600 on hellmaru but cant clear sidestage
Yea my friend is fucked as hell omg
lets try this 😭😭
maybe I can try
Hmm
wait
Wiat
I cleared it with PE
well give me a better idea
SnS 😭
This is why I’m not balding for my friend
do you think I can clear RL side stage with this 😭
nvm I see why my friend is struggling
omg 6 more cubes for that
😭
and at least 3 more for next patch
I need 23 cubes for essentials, maybe 26 if you count twins of eden guns
I should think about how many I need
I have 0 rn too
gimme zhenyi T plz!
Also seeing this PE win screen it reminds me just how far up her pussy her panties go... poor girl
I forget I can play it
lemme get back on hsr now
ok this is probably gonna be my max with no SoS 😭
<@148145559897636865> so much better now
now I am broke
And all her gear
Well I fucking did
you made me max her pri arm
keilo are you happy
this better
I am no whale
Gimme torus and I can max it pst pst
B IS MAXED OK
I love herta so much
Top 0.1% listeners to get HoS
Stan harder
Maybe if you stanned loona you'd have HoS
Midden
Now lets talk about how Tim McGraw is one of the best debut singles of all time, invigorating a whole new audience for country music
I genuinely listen to it
me when chuu
“Maybe you wouldn’t have died if you had HoS”
If we did like the loona stan twitter memes but with HoS
Imagine
I never would
FR
I haven’t used nyx a day in my LIFE
Oh lord he wants me to bald for him
<@148145559897636865>
Diavoros would probably simp for a 12 y.o. irl and be like “but she said she was 50!”
Dudu too old for him
Teri fans are all weird istg
this but griseo
Heki when phys boss
I did NOT send any pictures of a double ended dildo
fr
<@781539392039682058> how does this image make you feel?
wait nvm it already kinda looks like this
my room could look like this if I didn’t spend money on Honkai
have no hos
how dare you
… heki
I might be able to get 47k at least on Husk if I bald some
30.2 is the best I can muster with no SoS
mhm
It takes forever to break the first shield
😭
see what really is gonna hold me down is my score on Rime
You expect too much from me with the other bosses
I’m settling for this as my Kasumi score 😭
My RC sucks come do my Kasumi now 🫶🫶
Heyyy keilo you wanna do my MA for me because I’m too lazy to follow those refs
copium Slays
I have checked 0 refs
Wait RC works here?
(I'm only struggling with not having turg or HB on Kasumi since I dont have Aponia)
No SW = No Opinion
True
But if you use SW on Husk you kinda need HB there
I'm in
She was sitting with a lvl 40 weapon
and get her pri
To stop hating on SpA
I finally decided
these drive kometas
Im lazy
It's DKs
I have maxed pri too
f2p issues
my SW isn't even at 1300 yet
But yea
He also has SOME attack issues too
Doing that as we speak
Toshiki LMAO
Omg wait one of my armada members is in there
Damn
Man I am so missing out score wise cause I don't have the pri arm
question should I be doing better than a 710 with this team?
Thats what I figured and used, just lacking her pri for the shield
Cool
also what's the PE ma team for Rime?
SSS CH on Ice Ely!
eyy look at me improving
Who even uses DA
Lazy
I feel like I should have a better score here but eh
my bracket is way too easy
How long will it be until HoS gets powercrept I wonder
what a baldy bracket
Imagine having paga
So true! (I dont have the better options than Margrave M)
definitely didnt skip Bastet hehe
Did you roll Bastet just for BB MA strats?
Even with full gear Mobi
I forget to do ER most weeks
Ok I'm gonna actually do some beta streaming you anyone wants to join
Beta
Lets stream HSR rn
See my twitter feed is just a bunch of porn
I’m so glad I never see hoyo stuff on twittter
You gonna call yourself old now too?
Proof?
Mommy ping
madame ping in star rail??
Time of their lives balding
Look at keilo
yes
Just like MA, not necessary to get premium currency but comes with bonuses and fun balding
Hoyo used to be good at it
Some competition keeps games alive tho
I just feel like
That’s fair true
<:TeriStare:973793234096648202>
<:Terichew:973794176015675392>
dww you’re the only valid f2p <:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
a kids game
fuck f2ps them kids can go back to playing poptropica or something
Balding for crit>> balding for genshit artifacts
I really hope they add some sort of competitive balding system that bears some importance in some way
Lets be honest at this point most of us haven’t even touched the chasm, we’re burnt out of exploration and that being the only thing to do in genshin besides farm
But also they’re both story driven exploration games and that’s where I’m drawing the comparison and saying how it could be a huge weakness
fair
I mean
I think if the HSR team wants this game to not be remembered as just another attempt at GI they need to focus a lot of the combat side and end game content
Sure differences in exploration but still story driven exploration is the core to both
The combat is def different from GI but the rest of the game feels similar
But it’s mostly similar
That’s the biggest difference between the 2 games
I’m just saying we need like an MA or something similar in idea to differentiate HSR from GI
But GI fanbase destroys everything it comes into contact with
Maybe
I mean
The biggest thing that separates hsr and genshit rn is the combat since a lot of their core mechanics are similar. If the developers lean more into that I think we can definitely see longevity
Especially after genshin
I feel like JUST exploration and story updates that come slowly will definitely wear people out quickly
I think for hsr, they’ll need to make sure to focus more on the combat
L
I should stream the beta here
That reminds me
Time to run SW, HB, and Eden for Para sushang
I don’t have bianka T so rip me
rip
they died
<:TeriStare:973793234096648202>
HoS time babbeeeyy
HoS
Not like CH gets much use these days
I feel bad but at the same time I just wanna laugh at them
Oh lord
I feel bad for anyone who doesnt have HoS
Welp I’m gonna see how well my S0 SW can do against Sushang
I only got a single copy of each piece
Took me 15k to get a single B
Thats it
T
I have
Me too
Nope 😭
Maybe att issue
No bastet
skill issue
I need the hu tao lick emoji rn
no can do
Also promise I’m not lying <:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
Anyways music goes HARD
Sorry weird story
I can finally say I dated a woman
I'm actually verse right and I was in a relationship where I was solely top, turns out my ex is now a trans woman! Kinda makes sense and is a kinda fun story to tell
So
almost totally unrelated but fun story
true because I top him
ok maybeee
Later is sleep time for me 😭
sure
actually
yknow now that I see that I can see how you could infer that but nah, just other betas I’ve done before and couldn’t share
🥰
Actually no this one I think I can share, since it’s just closed
Hmm? I did say anything no
Maybe I should log on
I forgot this beta isnt confidential lol
their advice is “spend more”
Imagine having s2 sw <:kekcry:973697358799978626>
Probably not
I’d have to see
Hmmm
cause I only have B rn
DK HoT making me wonder if I should try to complete the benny set with BP
I feel like Aponia would look less slutty if she wore nothing ngl
fr she is the slutiest nun I have EVER seen
Eden>
Oh and ice vulnerability too can’t forget that
Ult CD decrease too at this point
I would take some of those Zhenyi pieces please
No Pardo gear
Its just
RL 😭
Eh not bad
I said what I said
I need her gear to properly suck on her titties
I am a simp
Oh no I have 2 handel pieces and her guns dw
Dont even have eden yet
I’ve been lazy
I need to do shit
Not as good as me tho!
Money management skills
For sure!
omg I love the f2p skin!
Maybe if I didnt use SW
FR
😭
Just use the ventussy black hole and then you cleared it
The VV domain is so easy I love it
All I care about is that Aponia is mid
imagine not having your resin full for months
Peak film
This?
starving games is peak
I heard Morbius was the most movie of all movies
<:concern:966623298639261746>
Most are fine
I hate dealing with customers sometimes
Well not as bad as doing customer service with food jobs
Ah
But fuck food service tbh
It is
smh
I work at a clothing store so no free meals for me
I will very much so
Not a bad idea
(Freedom Bucks btw)
I can get a whole mcdonalds meal that will fill me for most of the day for like $4
Yea
Actually
I... dont care for eggs all that much
I mostly cook chicken for myself since it's the cheapest
I can cook decently for myself, not anything good but I can survive for sure. Cooking is actually such a big thing ngl
Asexual moment!
Im glad I moved out during high school (not anything wrong with my parents its just the school I went to was shit)
Different life experiences as well
Its just
Im hoping he is
No Bitches?
I mean, I've been living away from my parents for 4 years already so I'm quite independent
Cause I'm done with 2 years of college and he's finishing up high school but I can at least give a date a try
We might just be in different stages of life tbh
See the issue is like
Certified Diavoros Moment
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Cause he's like fresh 18 pretty much and I'm almost 20
Its because I feel hella old
Me too Im kinda nervous ngl
<:Cringe:975612628779024434>
Issue is I'm going on a date with a guy
I say that as if I don't have a date tomorrow
I think you need to up your dosage
Honkai players don't get any play
Impossible
Like you'd ever have someone to take a bath with
Sounds like a nude hottub tbh
Showers just get the water up my bussy better than baths
I only take baths if I already showered that day
Mostly its just showers
If I feel like it
Skill issues galore fr
Ok but I do like Bidets better tbh
dog?
just like arc city if no seggs
I've seen more pussies than them
Im crying and dying
Girl idk where the charger is I can't help you
You a munch?
I almost tagged you in this because this is so you 🥰😜
She is so relatable 🥰
Can you ever be normal fenri?
Tf?
Good
Fair. I'm sure there's someone out there tho
Is to get a better partner who can help you with stuff as well
The best way to learn
WEll
Setting expectations low I see
Ahh I see. Getting them helped me learn tbh but I think you can still do fine
Well I like to switch up what I'm doing when I give a BJ to not only keep my endurance up but also bring different types of pleasure ig
Ok that I can help with
that wouldn't make you a better bottom tho
then what parts are you struggling with?
Not sure
Or being able to take more in terms of speed? Like relaxing more?
Yea you could be more.. active maybe if you're a pillow princess?
tbh I havent bottomed since like march LOL
Hmmm get better at bottoming
find BETTER TOPS
well... find new tops ig
I just thought the meme was funny
Yes gaga goes by she/her
OHH
Have you heard the song Just Dance? Bad Romance? Born This Way? Poker Face?
No she goes by she/her but...
I'm just surprised you don't know her
ALSO THATS LADY GAGA LOL DO YOU NOT KNOW HER?
And I feel like enough tonight, even though I didn't get to finish, I feel like enough. So, thank you for that.
jk uhh make sure if you top, the bottom finishes too
Then dont!
<@171082989046988800>
I mean... those are synonymous for some people
Anyways I came into this chat to say this guy at work I saw had some perfect tits and I had to catch a few glances cause DAMN
Please send it to me thru dms xx
I have an idea
you were very fun
You're a riot
It was... something 😇
if I wanna do music performance Im not smoking
I would try an edible but ngl I don't wanna smoke ever
i havent even smoked weed or had an edible soo
I don't bottom anymore so <:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
I had sex last night so meh
I cant click many of the drug and police ones since I was only pulled over once and that is it
the higher the score the more pure
if you're lower than 2 that is concerning
wow 3 less than me
also THEY HAVE BEEN TALKING FOR YEARS! but nothing has come of it like for your own sake give him up
he just wants to relate to video games by Lana I think at this point cause
I feel bad for this one manager at work because he is trying to make things work WITH A LEAGUE PLAYER LIKE NOO
league players....
I checked off many of the sex ones before a relationship 😎
Ok then cmere and give me a big ol kiss
Shush tet dont judge me
Im a whore <:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
Hi
This is why I like dont bottom anymore
Tf is this
I mean he's 36 so not that old to be honest
<@171082989046988800> <@197871478950068224> its a fun grindr story LOL
Still probably gonna hit tho tbh 🤷
Hi guys uhhh this dude hit me up on grindr that I know bc we did some music shit together and he's a lessons teacher for vocalists and he finally realized he knew me
Smh finally decided to let the dude who's been trying to hit for months give me head. Not bad but he isn't really attractive
I am for sure
Why am I so popular on this app.
And they say romance is dead 🥺
Or maybe ask some seasoned veterans where the cruising spots are
Depends on where you're at but yea you probably can
Find some local glory holes or something
💀
Rn I dont regret redownloading grindr cause that hookup was fun
Omg I attend the carly gay jepsen university
Damn no bussy for me tonight <:deadge:975652771082698782>
I'm almost lonely enough to redownload grindr this is not fun
Why do I love giving hickeys or at least giving hickeys but not leaving any marks. Istg its how I make men moan the most LOL
Sometimes I feel like redownloading grindr for attention and because I suck with dating apps
That quirky moment when nudes you took at 15/16 are getting shared around in snapchat groupchats <:PepeCreepySmile:997000107297865809>
Who wants to use the mjolnussy
She gonna die like in Amsterdam
I can live without taylor
I do not have $4400 to my name sowwy
Yea he might just be a bot profile and if not meh
Uhh I personally wouldn't but it's up to you
It might be a bot too
Sadly yea what's up
Trans girls rights!
Youll cry more
Do it
BOOM perfect application
And just change pronouns
Its a good song
The best solution is to listen to She by Dodie....
I dont crush on the straights so uhhh
Grey sweatpants mid
ohhh ok ok
Is this your list? Why do you have it just sitting there, ready to screenshot if it is?
Wow
why
Not rlly kinky
Im just
LOL totally
Lol uh
Skill issue?
uhh
Some dude keeps showing up on my fyp degrading in a sexual way and it gives me the ick
Yea no I’m definitely not into degrading
100% switch impressive
conversion therapy 🙏🏻
Well, an old coworker that I had a crush on hit me up last night and we ended up doing lots of stuff and he said he’s had a crush on me for a while so… things are so complicated
Like I’ve been in the talking stage with a person for a bit (since june) and things are going decent but obviously not dating
I’ve gotten myself into an irl love triangle oh god
ouch Im sorry
that sounds painful if the latter
Like cock block or fucking actually stepped on your genitalia
WHAT
<:meiMad:997543209221750834>
Pic ass
Baby
grindr is so amazing <:creepysmile:996838443827073105>
yass goku!
pass
ew
2
mmmm
lol
13
mmmm
m n n
smash
pass
smash
mmm
lnc n
m n sky for mine
smash
mhm smash
simple and cute looks
smash tbh
mhm
10
10
^
I ALREADY SAID man chaotic neutral
sky man star
lets do man
oh uh
m c n
pass
<:sussge:968897150249484389>
sus
you cant fight it
tet you already have the cunny role
LOL
Thats some bruh material
OH NAH
i like the hair but pass
4
?
7
ya
mcg
uhh
calm
... pass
pass!
if you want
we can see 29 too
fine
no but he’s such a smash
smash tbh
13
m n g
<:worryweird:987958026071834634>
pass
tet will find a way
smash all with alternating forms
smash
7
Talk about stereotype
and 9 are fucking chaotic? Wow
other chaotic?
okay uh
gimme some enby rep
other lawful earth
idk
then do earth
yea
o l e
uh
sure
uh
Im passing on the t-rex
thats a t-rex
Depend on the mood, smash on occasion but he has drip
hmmm
6
m n n maybe?
he just looks like he'd gaslight me IDK
still pass for me
pass, he looks like a reject jojo's villian
pass
kinky
either way makes me horny !!
Depends
Eh yea
Ohh
You’re tight?
Yknow
so TIGHT
it was dress pants
eh doesnt always work like that but it was still a nice sight lemme tell you
Soft was a good like 4.5 inches… obv don’t know how big hard
Lemme tell you I could see the tip and a good amount of the shaft and even soft he was packing
and this (pretty attractive) dude walks in and is wearing tight grey dress pants
I was donating plasma right
okok soo
nah bc he is so fine
if I wasn’t so tired and he wasnt 15 miles away I would def think about giving him head causee
dilf omg
fr
lmao I remember when I did a shinobu cosplay for halloween
shows your personality tbh
See this is what you put in dating apps because it’s fun!
everyone wants to be my friend
why am i so popular on this grinder game
grindr popping off again
at least you get my beautiful self <:PoV:986417344060465183>
Honestly just doing a traditional selfie can be boring and stuff so just do something fun
also this *technically* a more traditional selfie but this is one of my favs
babes you look fine dw
Also usually you wanna be center of frame to show off yourself! It is a selfie so don’t be shy with it haha
like this was the inspiration for that photo and I think that having something to go off when you dk how to take selfies is super good
oohh love the strawberry top
I did it based on a Taylor Swift album LOL but it’s honestly something to start with
ok so ig face reveal but this is definitely one of my fav selfies, doing something more fun and artsy can be intriguing for dating apps
no that is huge I am sorry for your back
I’ve show it to a few people
Anyways my tip for selfies is to set your phone down and do a timer rather than take it just with one hand
ugh I wanna show some cute selfies for reference but also Idek if I wanna show my face
selfies can be cute
I like to do photoshoots inspired by album photoshoots
Follow references
be like LOOKING FOR HOT WOMEN WHO PLAY HONKAI IMPACT 3RD
I cannot event attempt online relationships so yeah stuck to irl with dating apps
Lemme livestream grindr for you two and show how awful it is
tinder is so much better
ever
Grindr is the worst
you wanna see how bad grindr is?
he’s in a college dorm room
Old minded!
he’s a fisherman
<:PoV:986417344060465183>
pathetic
he probably doesn’t use sunscreen
LMAO well I think that pic is in a dorm room
he’s 21
21
…
he looks maybe late 20s early 30s ima check
omg cuties messaging me! <:PoV:986417344060465183>
cause it’s happened
and I turned off my exact location so they cant like track me down n shit
not too bad no
Lots of messages already
Lmao anyways uhh
Its not horrible but not that cute
not nice it’s kinda ugly
great already got my first dick pic
but apparently Im popular on grindr
beauty is in the eye of the beholder
mmmm
damn
lol sure
thats tinder but I could yea
I’m downloading grindr again Im so bored
sometimes im horny in a way that makes me wanna just make out
and like sure I’ll talk about my sex life and body and shit but actual horniness and attraction? Miss me with that
It be scary tho
sure
I am sometimes outwardly horny but only to very particular people
except taihen
because people arent horny rn
it is
welcome to the adult chat (+fen)
I don’t like 10 inchers tbh
oh i will
What would I want
Hmm
I only want balding
a blowjob?
lol
fine
ugh]=
not sub or dom tbh
Im like
I tried to be dom once and it wasnt the best
doom>dom
whatever they are, they def seem sub
I have topped but I never was too dom
Honestly I haven’t taken nudes in a while, probably a good thing
ah
So true I do not exist
can confirm
I pull out
I’ve made one but he and I no longer talk
ok *dies of cringe*
just have esex duh
thats why I dont do hookups anymore
fr
I am dad
thats what a child would do
making out is so hot tbh
ok but tongue is very important tbh
party in the back then
why do you remember this
yea
neither are white people’s like me its okay
~~and a thick ass~~
Just thick thighs and some stomach
I am not ripped
I’m like 193 cm 117 kg roughly, I’m an american so switching stuff over is hard smh
I wish
tall
I’m 193 cm I think?
my secret is
it was also thick too
fen isn’t a loser
but it didn’t hurt thankfully
7.5 inches
He was like
bottomed
why ew
<:TeriAhe:973793204237398106>
yummy
lemme be horny goddamn it
please
share
stan loona!
I once jerked with love4eva playing in the background
So many people somehow end up calling me Ma’am at work when I’m 6’4 and it’s kinda slay
joke dw <:AponiaD:975380909954043944>
jk I don’t rlly ever care about gender so I’m nb and let people perceive me how they want
I am TRIGGERED
ppl forget I’m nb sometimes too huh
ofc its florida
being a whore is kinda fun tbh
become one then
Sucking cock is the most alpha thing you can do
fr
Idk I feel 20
7 inch is like almost 18 cms 😭
Maybe 16 or 17 cms?? I am using freedom units
Mines like a little over 6 inches iirc
If it’s over 5 inches you’re fine tbh
hey at least hopefully your dick is small enough to not show your boner
Think like that
what if they all have small dicks tho?
Their natural smelly pheromones are too much for you to handle
I like to keep my professional life and porn life separate
<:TeriWeird:973794226754187324>
oh god why did I just see someone fucking someone elses feet
I don’t wanna talk about my dick too much but it’s average size so meh
I am NOT remembering that much
rip tumblr
Your dick is serving androgyny!
I don’t wanna follow 70+ more accounts on my main
I deadass tho have a whole twitter just to follow a bunch of porn accounts for when I get horny 😭
Can’t stare
just gotta take quick glances
I see that on twitter all the time!
Really carried
Thanks free space
I AM blind
You’re right omg
damn no bingo
Asking genshin players to have any sort of intelligence is too big of an ask
You think nft bros have friends irl?
Its cause they have no friends irl
huh
so Im at like 70 pity on guaranteed
Im still mad I didnt get furina
c1 slayy
I dont have kirara or kuki but I dont wanna waste my guarantee on units Im not gonna use
but yeaaa thats rough
He is literally a dog boy
literally dog
seele just serves cunt ALWAYS!
if they want us to quit so bad
at this point they should just make hi3 launch hsr instead
part 2 bout to flop harder than any so called genshin killers
nooo I thought vq used eden
Damn carv still has me blocked 🥲
Ohhh finally some nice QoL
Damnnn
I thought you were bitchless tho
I'd just leave
Who's tagging you that much
Oh-
What's wrong with messy huh?
Its ok you're messy in a lana way
Server folders are so slay
Mmm I'd personally think Fischl for great off-field electro, Yelan/Furina for a quickbloom team. Idk about second dendro option cause Ik he likes one so ig no nahida get fucked! Maybe YaoYao or Baizhu? Dendro MC if you're real copium?
cock and balls
Feels crazy to get an ok run in MA at this point
Same but with Neuvillette's -
Yea the way they've been designing bosses and kinda valks has felt stale
Every game needs qingque
School lunch ass meal
girl the strike-
Just bc heki is now consensual age (i think) doesnt mean he consents to piracy or account sharing
A little overhyped
Im not a huge fan of that song
She's so slay
Effie is a fashion icon
Spotify location thingy
Is this a kink?
If I was single I’d ask him to marry me
Weyes blood slays
<@197871478950068224>
Faye webster was a close 2nd
But meh
Ik you may be shocked
I dont binge listen often
Your #1 and #2 have more minutes than my #1
I mean a ton of us have swift as our #1 artist
I can agree that Heki’s is probably the most gay
“Graphic design is my passion!”
Also why is the graphic design of wrapped so fucking ugly
My Ordinary Life so slay LMAOO
I can see it
Idk if that shows up now
Okayyyyyy
The blend is so gay wow
Maybe my internet is being rude
Its okk
Nauurrr its being homophobic to me
It’s not working for me :/
Its cause I listened to t swift
Good
Damnnn!!!
831 different artists kinda crazy
Also <:Borrysit:1055469373550252062>
I listened to swift like 7k minutes?!?! Which is insane
Some of the people I’m close with would think I was but like faye webster almost got her beat yknow
I also got vampire somehow
Smells burnt
My bf's dad got mad I was trying to catch up on jjk on his account bc it'd show em in progress again
Spoilers all over the fuckin internet
Yea ik who died
Fuckin cant watch it anymore
I need to finish jjk
hi ruby
But my xiangling 2 hydro and neu team is good enough to clear
Was gonna run jean, which hurts hu tao a bit but still worth for overall dmg
Well yea
I feel like she'd be good for hu tao
Ik what she does
Or nahida (idk what teams I'd use her in)
For knave
So I might just save
But idk what teams I'd use her in
I dooooo
Mmm I'm at like 63 on guaranteed do I spend a bit for furina
No give ME money
Be like “No! Kys 🥰🥰”
The one hi3 open world
French people deserve no rights
She should be like Yae is to Ei with Bronya
Horny bastards
Im just glad I got lunar vow to clear ER super ez
I miss when I could tickle nirvana
FRRRR
Such a fun time in honkai because you could clear ER with fuckall equipment
I REMEMBER MOBIUS ERA
Loving his slutty little waist
Men only wanted to hype up that movie to try and shit on barbie’
I rlly want some outdoor christmas decor but not rlly happening
Halloween decor is a MUST
The footjob I gave at Denny’s gave me the will to live by Lana Del Rey
I kissed my sister in the alabama diner?
Sweet home alabama?
Find yourself a sugar daddy
Girl I aint got enough money to get things for myself
Someone send me money for it
I haven't had cheescake in forever
<:Balls:1003273279265570866>
Its so you can make a milkshake with it
Hmmm
But why would it be liquid?
Girl idk
Maybe it went bad
Im a whore for bagels truly
I genuinely love cream cheese
Im not talking about that kind of cream
Especially the whipped kind>>>>>
I love cream cheese
Jk he just bought me them out of the blue so I installed em all cause why not
No I'm just trying to run spotify genshin and hsr at the same time
But now I have 32gb of ram
IT ISSS
My bf bought me ram yesterday and I was so scared I was gonna break something when installing it
Slay
She's an icon
Gonkai star rgriseo
You can no longer play!
Woah getting the best ice dps!
Me coming up with crazy neuvillette comps cause he's c0 and furinalesz
fr
The tits-
trans queen!
Eden ATE
Ok bye!
Favonius Sword
And also she released this year I wouldn't expect anything less
Its ok one of my friends also has grandfather as his fav
Well he definitely stood on the shoulders of your father while he is deepsea fishing
Is grandfather your top song?
😭😭
I barely play hi3
Im s0
but there's always better choices. If you really want to play him he def can work well as a hyperbloom driver
true
You got nilou?
He's ok with bloom but kinda a flop
I can tryyy to answer
I mean kinda yea whatsup
love genshit meta
Imagine if there was 50/50 in honkai
HoS is obviously just cop propaganda its so obvious
Cooking something...
damn we're at 4.8 already? time really flies
ello
I mean.....
If this arti rolls bad ima kms
The wig ate
Retirement era
It's pretty fun with friends but can get hella toxic FAST. Up to you, if you like fps may as well give it a try cause its free
You get a little toxicity as a treat ❤️
I thought you quit that game
Just copy your dms to me 😭😭
NOT THE TRUE COLORS GUYYYYY
Omg guys my internet is so good!
Slurrr
I've been not playing much so I dropped to A3 but it's fun to use BH again <:Borrysit:1055469373550252062>
Being in agony 3 makes it so I can do something fun like this
I'll give you jiafei products
love u tet xoxo you got this
<:BarbaraHeart:996112936055615488>
... skill issue mayhaps?
f2p btw?
That's what they say, huh?
You getting detained for manslaughter?
lumi cop era? She really does love Lana huh
YOU GOT DETAINED?
Im trying to actually do abyss and I fr think my herrscher team is just ass LOL
Omg my two queens 😭
Good
The last dream I remember was a while ago
He's a grower it's ok
Hi
<:Exit:1042800026537177178>
I have like 0 balance in total
damn
like what
I usually just do breakfast then dinner
that makes sense
I dont buy meal plans cause I live off campus and eating off campus is cheaper
Yea I get ya, mines like a good small-midsize university
Hopefully they put ketchup in the budget next time
That is... sad
wow
Do they not have ketchup at the dining hall?
why
I stopped enjoying honkai so I barely play. I do enjoy my current games at least
imagine enjoying games
Just at me why dont you
Heki get fortnite so we can play
Actually
Or anything but league
Play overwatch
Why would you
I wonder what the enby word for uncle is
Illicit affairs
Debut slept on
I think
Our song
Plz
Red then Speak Now
reputation
LOL
Lover
fearless
its from the 1989 tour
1989
HELP
I love tay but she def has a best and a worse
LOL
Its evermore btw
Omg thats me
VG best fire dps easy
real
I think she'll totally be 2nd best option for sure
can you do VG on HoFin bosses?
Ow
Fire team so good 🔥
That would be nice cause I only have free elfs
I am a human garbage disposal brrr
taco bell ftw
I dont grocery shop half the time because I eat cheap ass fast food
<:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
LOL
dang looks like carv muted/blocked me too smh
he has a big ass?
if you use QTE and Combo you can get 2 with no weap
isnt all 3 for Sp?
I use Turg TB slug M and pardo weap on ai
real
everyone and their mothers are exalted players now
I'm sorry tet I was bogged down by work and school and I didnt have time to read
~~I skipped most dialogue in the last 2/3rds of er and the story~~
honkai overexplains the small things then blows over major things
ok heki that one is a bit much
world building is complicated in honkai
use her charged attack
skill issue
mmm skill issue Im assuming
basically kiana ends up in a sim and has mommy issues!
6.5 gonna be another herrscher
aslaug TMB so good for lightning real
I got Zay TB for my 2/4 so I'm happy
Ok awesome I'm gonna skip HoTr and go for 6s
omg I need to pull for 6s?
dps CI I was right omg
dps CI
I wanna get all my Himekos to SSS
I have 14 SSS valks
~~i do~~
at this point a ranks are trash sadly
I hate her gameplay it looks clunky idc
i'd rather struggle with FR than use that clunky Vill-v
nyx was a flop on release
lumi its ok instead of doing abyss just play fortnite with me
almost there but 2/3 done
...  no willows yet
non 4/4 HoH so she kinda sucks
Anthony Fantano ahh review of HoTr
I'm gonna try to get her weap on anni I think
So slay
I had 11 expa cards and like 5k xtals and still got her
Hi I got HoTr
I'll just save up for gears and make another weapon work for now I think
Yuh idfk what else to do
Im assuming I dont pull for weapon but ugh feelsbad
<:FelisCarv:1047082942368841728>
I gotta be up by 7 but still
Also idk why I woke up so early its 6am for me
Just get lucky
Heki I got my gear in 12 pulls so far
So umm luck is on my side with Bronya battlesuits 😗
Just a shitty Carole
Naur
Ouch
no I should have though
all my money became vbucks I cant spend on any of the trio
its cute but wow I do not care about griseo
I have no xtals either but I'll get her first 10 pull ez
fuck having a partner I'm just gonna play fortnite
Smash bros players except they dont use deodorant
uhh I started losing points at like 14 mostly due to the picture/video part of it...
yuck
nasty
Mfs dont wash or even WIPE their ass
Do you think my dick is dirty? YES
woman is when washing your hands
IM SO FR AMERICAN CISHET MEN WONT WASH THEIR HANDS AFTER THE BATHROOM
especially if you like men. Those people dont wash their hands after using the bathroom
oh I gotta do rice purity again its probably 50s, MAYBE 60s
I need at least 5 citations from you Heki
I joined this chat to know whether or not to pull HoTruth first idk what this has become <:Borrysit:1055469373550252062>
... i guess so
question 1: are you obese?
I have multiple gay friends who like sports its weird.
aster probably has like 90 something
i have gay friends who like golf
0 is the best score then?
jk I dont slutshame
yes
anyone in NA wanna do some?
I forgot to do raids oop
LMAO understandable
526
God
As soon as you use HoF guns? Boom he moves out the range of ring and active
For real
I got a 526 but like meh at this point
Like at this point I'll take my 500 and call it good
LOL my poor Ai Chan
Fr GD PV
LOL
me with my 95 point run
So good!
Yea the disturbance was fucked huh
Yass sub dps VKE amazing team building <:wow:1012493633968160880>
LOL I love himeko so its worth it imo but like....
I should upgrade Utu to use VKE lol
that skin needs to rerun already
Lets see if tayvoodoo works this time
Looks like Im gonna be in Nirvana next cycle
I love herrscher of AE
Lack of willows issue
I tried my best
my queen shall slay omfg
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
Guys how did my purana aponia fo
Sleeping in keilo's abyss
(I'm probably gonna get 500 max)
I'll get a 1000 perfect score 0s kill just to spite you
my PE doesnt even crack 1.4k att yea I'm not winning
she can win the battle but I'll win the war by not going to hell
As much as I wanna be confident I know I don't have the resources to do great in nirvana
Can't wait to read it on AO3 <:FelisD:987145546974253056>
Kei is gonna win easy LOL
Look who's bracket I'm in
<@148145559897636865>
I also try be fast when I actually do raids
Dalao!
Honkai is my only game and I dont even clock an hour a day typically
I've been super busy with work n school
Felt seen heard there
I made it thru ch 1 at least but goddamn
i want the bridge
Fuck I need to do the event still
WHAT IS THAT
It's actually quite nice
I've just been overly burnt out with school and work + I have a weird almost situationship I'm in rn so honkai is my only game and doesn't get much time 😩
I haven't been paying too much attention to the scores recently, but yea I've been noticing so many slackers
I did only 1 full run of this boss so like I agree but yea
People just hate to do the vill-v bosses probably
Smh I've been there twice before Gresham
That's expecting a lot
My team is so good <:wow:1012493633968160880>
I even did it with my FR LOL
Nirvana time ig
Based
Smh usually I try to prioritize school and work over honkai <:wow:1012493633968160880>
Oh I should start then huh
Depends on the pay
This is what Im using 🤪
My ana pieces are all 35 <:deadge:975652771082698782>
Actually both of my Elys suck wtf is up with that?
I wish my Ely was good enough to do tank <:deadge:975652771082698782> <:deadge:975652771082698782>
You're right <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
Nini can you give me a small loan so I can grab her gear?
Guys how is my HoH <:Despairge:1002519666050211941>
I get off in like an hour and can join after
I am at work or else I would
Thx!!
I can try both tbh but I'll try ur suggestion first
Yes it is FR GD PV
do I fuckin run full sig on FR team or Handel FR and Margrave Eden?
hey meta slaves I need help
lazy in RL 😴
mf runs across the map every 5 seconds
andrius just fucking sucks as a boss too
if only she had SS3
its ok Im 611 with skill issue CF
fr (the only gacha I play is honkai)
Well, I probably wont lose trophies
this is already not looking good for me <:deadge:975652771082698782>
its too short
Why is there Ely videos killing everything
made HoF to good general and trying to nerf her
there was a new lobster boss right?
omg ya
Wow a IO got 699 on Husk in RL
Me and the founder are really the only ones who are decent <:KekPat:966625000339668993>
Also we’re definitely not really competitive
its small but a home is a home
keilo dont poach me either Im already in a happy, loving armada
🤪
Dont worry I’m not in blustorm
I havent even checked my bracket
Poor Heki
<:deadge:975652771082698782>
Sometimes its nice but also… you gotta mald harder cause everyone is gonna do good
ok maybe I was having a skill + non-upgraded handel issue
Im a dedicated midponia and shit-v hater
W
Shitting on v2v is fun
Man I need to upgrade my 7tr to 65, I don’t think I’m getting above 740 without it
quite skill issue with HoT if my IO almost beats her 😭
no
weap active? cause using weap active triggers her qte
i get like 31.5k cause s0 hot
so interesting
my FGO is just below 47k but too lazy to mald
... could be worse
my s0 HoT is getting a much needed upgrade
I’m not even done with ely stamps 😭 I need to grind ER
HoT is getting ER stamps??????
I am still figuring out this weapon
right right
dalao strats
wow all that damage just from spear impair <:PoV:986417344060465183>
dalao
~~I dont even have a single one maxed~~
doesnt everyone have 2 max sleepers?
sleep
i will
s1 bke and 2/4 <:Pain:986481559190270032>
<@148145559897636865> see you in nirvana ig
idk how this boss works so I just fuck around and not care ab it
just a joke dw
I feel like the middle to low end (especially in MA) has become much less f2p friendly but yea nirvana has always been whale exclusive
I mean… maybe ~~shit story~~ it being more catered towards whales and even less f2p friendly?
hmm I’m curious how Honkai is working towards being like genshin
new players have lots of money to spend and many strats are just new gear
<:KekPat:966625000339668993>
I got 46992
Yep
S1 too btw
its either than or Kafka TM Elysia B
what if I have full Bianka theatre as my gear
can you coach me
<:concern:966623298639261746>
omg we got the same score
I hate this weather tbh
then you’re not doing better smh
u in nirvana?
wtf
yass dual carry
Went from A to G
hmm maybe I am autistic with how much i know...
maybe he's all out of social energy for the day and needs to just unwind
So basically spoons = ability and energy to keep up masking
is he acoustic?
maybe he just has no spoons left
Yea but my other teams I use are (C0) neuvillette, or itto (which she cant rlly work in cause no healer)
GIRL WHAT
Since I don’t have C1 neu, the only teams I see Furina working with is 2 hydro Hu Tao, 2 Hydro Xiangling, and Ganyu Freeze. Might go for knave if I dont get her tho
You’ll pull his slutty little waist and have primos to spare
You will get early baizhu
Yes tet?
I like her and her character but really she’s have not too many teams to work with
I lost 50/50 and about 20 pulls in so far
I loved fontaines story so I did the quest until like 2am the day it came out
Considering doing quests to try for furina
Oh-
I forget your lore sometimes
Oh!
They probs got so mad
Not the furina pfp-
Based
I see
Oh
Tet is this the asmr you fall asleep to at night?
She kinda is a performative ally tbh so it makes sense
I assumed that
Yasss we love an ally
They're just free spirited 🥰
Shoo'd us
Vibes are worse Im sorry
love the blackmailing
Oh you for RECEIPTS
No fr this is my main chat channel
Yea this bitch has a bf and doesn't use he/him pronouns
Its trueeeeee
They already have it rough by female so its ok!
She's not the best judge of character cause she's an alcoholic
Ik I said that already buttt
Im gonna go out drinking with him and my cousin tooo
But not a bad idea!
So it runs in your family gotcha
As long as your brother isn't gonna be a bitch ab you having a bf
Not a bad idea tbh
Theres a taylor song about that
Im gonna go out drinking with my cousin and him probably
I want him to meet me friends so they can be a judge of character
It most likely will
Yasssss
I mean we're planning date #3 already like each other, it's just taking time to make sure we compatible
I'm hoping to have a bf probably within next month
i hate men (except that one guy)
BE FOR REALLA
Also wtf, she needs to leave
She probably likes Morgan Wallen and Jason Aldean 🤠💀💀
Go having a boring ass life for all I care
Fr
Sounds like a conservative mindset to me
But seriously like why not try something different?
Reminds me of wii music in the best way
Try kiss of life by Sade
Also not even willing to listen to new music? Cringe
Barbie world is like a solid song, like 7, 7.5 tbh. Its funnnn tho
Ewwww
Imagine not liking music
At least if you wanna be different like at least indie music 😭
I like wii music but be so serious
Tf?
I'm dragging her so she's bald a bit is such a good line actually
It is the best yes
Doesnt ice spice only have 2 nicki collabs?
Yea cause it aint a music masterpiece
And sometimes the dua lipa one
The charli xcx one
WHY AM I A TOP FAN OF THE BARBIE SOUNDTRACK HELLO
Exactly
Idek who crystal is oopsie
I dont have a boyfriend yet but I did go on 2 dates with a guy. We're talking a lot and seem very interested in each other sooo
Good
Brb doing the same thing
Im watching barbie tonight
He was a fag he was always a sub on the mattress woahah ohh
She's better known for the things she does on the mattress 😳
Um
Saauuurr cute tho. Just make sure you act surprised tho
Yes
Everyone ruthlessly bullies him 😭
Cause ur channel is the best babes 🤠
Maybe wtny if you stretch it a lot
Other than that, Bejeweled. Maybe Long Live
Me! He he
For theatre?
Yasss
He also said 1989>TPAB
Not the nair 😭
So true
HELLO???????
same
yes
Sounds strained to me 🤷
She groomed minors
Yes
Hes so lana del rey coded
issa joke
Better than the actual tour
IM FR
Groomed people
Girl she was popular af on youtube
miranda sings
New worst apology ever just dropped guys!
 
The charli song ATE
HELP!!
Girl huh
Be horny?
Girl I should make one on stream for yall
Do they even listen to taylor much causeee
Not me
Idek
I should remake it
Wrong
This is just
Also ganyu is so folklore coded
Shit taste in albums and characters
she ran me over today
yASSS
And openly expressing that interest at their age is gonna lead to people preying on them...
Its a really important thing!!
I agree (K)eep (Y)ourself (S)afe
Im not gonna tell my story rn but being safe on the internet, especially in terms of sexual things, is huge with me
Girl yea
Where tf is the internet safety training
Yeahhh 12 year olds shouldnt rlly be talking about sex on the internet
Always me fr
My appearance is pretty feminine
Homophobic moodboard 😍
Lemme just dm you some
Oh shittt that sounds fun
Awww the suit is cute
You better slay!!!
Damnn, i got to eat then an hour drive to my house still 😭😭
Stealing
Ima be on the road for a while tonight, but if you're up late then yes!
Thank you for being the one to tell our son
Its so heki coded
IKRRR
<@309634550273933314> <@171082989046988800> <@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632>
With how my looks are? I (sadly) get more straighties than gays
Slay bestie!
HELP!
She mothered so hard
Lover
Sadly not
Slayy
You send this to me when Im at a taylor Swift concert
Girl yass my editing skills so good 😍
Play overwatch with me 😳
I think you should post it 1 more time for good measure
Us when we are 40 and divorced?
Omg the real Taylor Swift?
why are tiktok urls so long
real
its his version of a u up text?
Real
Oh
Slurrrr
Ok she kinda ate 😭
Omg barbie movie stacked
ATEEEEE
What
If only she wasnt racist as hell
So many suffer with this condition
its fun
yaaa so Ive been playing more on pc
slurrrrr
I bought a pc
oh I forgot to tell you
Yassssss
Molly is not trying as hard and more naturally talented
About to be so slurr
um
A mental breakdown?
WAIT WHt
He just needs to kill himself already jesus christ
LMAOOOO
Forced feminization?
Bruh
They always do. She's too mother for them
We need her to make music not be a politician
She should be world dictator
The whole world
Swiftie everything
GOOD
Omg also inthaf
It was included
Call it what you want, mine, invisible string, willow, paris, paper rings are all good examples
There are so many
Lover
Ok
Like you wanna tell someone you like them or you two are in love and like and are so in love
I love baby xrays 😍😍
<@447218009749061632> is the smartest!
Maybe I should get Tayvoodoo to manifest me someone good in general
Sadly I didn't manifest who I wanted
Never doubt the tayvoodoo fr fr
Slurrrrr omg
Oh?
Slurrrrr!
Love mental health vacations!!
You're so real for that babes 💖❤️
What did you do this time
WHY DID SHE BLOCK YOU???
(Also hair is a mid ass gaga song tbh)
The first one is such a read
yass you just were cleansing your negative karma
Slurrrrr
I know her discography better than I know my family so I got you
Come back, be here. I wish you would. If this was a movie. Come in with the rain.
Nta taylor swift>>>>
Thank you, mother elysia told me she's proud of me
Guys how pretty do I look here?? Xx
I LOVE HER
I would've joined ya but work
not rn Im at my brothers house
Baban are we gonna binge steven universe together?
Its just a shirt I thought would look good but it looks funny
nah ima wear my taylor style shirt to that
I tried on a shirt at the thrift store and I have big tits in this wow
How tf-
40 TIMES A DAY????
lol don't be shocked at that
babes I'm verse top
~~I would top him~~
its funny
<:FelisDerpy:1047083097264500777>
Mmm
Imagine not having to do a semester of notes in a night tonight
Tbh we need a role to just tag all the flops bc I'm lazy but this is funny 
HUH
Real!
Gaylors speculate that Taylor is a fa-
gay people hate each other
YASSS ARIANKA BACK ON FORTNITE
Im glad I could teach you the essentials to life son
(I know)
Whoever that is, their mother raised them right!
whats goin on
slurrrrrr
Too funny
Yass
<@309634550273933314> <@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> <@171082989046988800> too niche?
Plz
So slay
<@447218009749061632> 
You're one to talk
He is pretty attractive but like cmon people
The ceo?
Oh
Just like me fr
AI has gone too far
LMAO
Yess
Ate the whole cafeteria
Good job
AYYY
SICKENING
I've been acting this whole time, I'm actually straight
No
Makes me SICK
Imagine wanting men
Hi
Plz
Yass
<@197871478950068224> <@447218009749061632> (only tagging u cause you ask to be tagged in all lime lips stuff)
I LOVE TELLING PEOPLE TO KILL THEMSELVES YASS
yw!
<@447218009749061632> high quality taychuu has been found
Purr
Yass
Im in public I ain't opening that
How did you find it so fast?
Its tet
Sorry I don't play honkai much anymore 😗
Ah
Official?
Huh
Green ofc it's lime lips
Someone give her lime lips
I think I got my deck pretty early 2021?
I've owned tarot for a bit its too late for u
baban you can have a tarot reading xoxo
Me coming in to give baban a good childhood
purr
Honestly yeah, she has an insane amount of records from midnights alone
Honestly go for it, she may be a popular choice though
And who's that gonna be?
Haha sorry I've been so inactive as of late
Slay
<@447218009749061632> <@781539392039682058> 

Do you play overwatch
<@197871478950068224> 

So basically hailey bieber was trash talking taylor? Or selena? And it got posted to tiktok and selena defended herself and taylor in the comments on the tiktok
Uh somewhat
<@781539392039682058> the flops have started to use deepfakes 
get some thai friends and live with em
Yes
Yass
yass abortion
Omg I think one of my friends played this game
Gets actual results 😍
Ive watched the 1st episode.
slay queen
<@781539392039682058> new lore just dropped

Oh yea I saw her on tiktok
uh probably not
this shit makes me homophobic 🔥
you know there's many different ways you can kill a congressman
it's an edit of a taylor song
who doesnt
even if you were pale you would not have rights where you are
Wtf is your dream
I am pale huh
SPERM DONOR
heki where did you pull the colors from mama is gonna do some searching
me when I go out for 30 minutes with no sunscreen
I AM PALE WITH RED UNDERTONES IDK ACTUAL COLOR NAMES
I WAS COMING UP WITH COLOR NAMES
its probably like rose porcelain or something I'm fucking PALE
I should figure out my skintone
raise them more
I dated a man who ended up being conservative once so dont slip up like me
I get that but you still gotta keep your standards UP so you dont get yourself fucked over
be more selective with your men then
heki maybe start liking people for personality and not body
just get better taste
on it tet
should I drop a cover of mask by dream
I had a happy day on uhh... friday? and maybe saturday? ok?
ily2
congrats eli!
Its ok Heki has actually gone deaf
Taylor has some horny songs smh
Have you listened to dress?
That was my comment
huh
Im sure there is some spider men you'd fuck
I doubt that
what wont you fuck
annabelle but cvnty
But...
I have
Why is your fyp like this
14th day murder?
13th day should be abortion!
Showing me vile things
Brb kysing
HUHHH
omg broken just like qiqi
I think that just means you're a bottom
maybe you're pregnant
so thats why he warns you not to go alone
or spoiling end game for people hating Me!
idk going to jail when refusing to join the idf is iconic at least
now they're just racist
I miss when swfities used to be iconic and fun
that was iconic tho\
If you present more femme its more dangerous for you to go out drinking alone
Depends on how you both present gender wise
Had to get that billboard #1 obviously
<@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> 😭😭
Palestinians are the traditional people of the area
We starting a revolution
Literally just say traditional and they're on board
They're stupid
It isss
😭
If only herta was a good dps 😭
Love herta
Kinda
Its ok my seele doesnt crit ever either
Skill issues mayhaps?
He was my first 5 star, sentimental value
Jk jk but hes cute
Ok lemme give you the addy
Gimme
Unlike heki yes
the girls who ge tit get it
exactllllyyy
okkk Chronic Relapsing Inflammatory Optic Neuritis
you seem breastphobic
you cant listen to people with large breasts?
not the inclusion of fr*nch people
the only accurate thing here is the boob size
Easy tip
Do not date men
Also my argenti doing now better than my qq so yay
<@781539392039682058> IM FINALLY DONE
Both?
Loll
Slay queen
Christmas gift babes!
probably if she got it on temu
bvvvv
ok!
<@781539392039682058> <@171082989046988800> <@482139585355448333>
Huh
Hit him up
Okayy
Ok new mobile discord looks kinda slay
😭😭
And I also quit from 1.1 up to Huo Huo banner so
Besides my characters are ass so he's an improvement anyways
Ty queen
Girl I stopped playing for a few patches I'll live
Cool I'll save for the rerun then xoxo
No! I dont like hsr that much
💀
Girl you recommended me pulling him
This is what he gets xoxo
I dont have an extra $50 on me
Thats too expensive
GIRL
I DONT HAVE SW
Oh wait!
If only I could fucking use mono qua
Literally only 50/50 I won was seele
But yea guess Im rethinking
At least I got E4 lynx
Cause (eventually) mono qua
Fr especially since if I wanna run 2 healers its gonna be huohuo and lynx 😭
Useless ass
I got fucking bailu
<@781539392039682058> do I kill myself yes or yes
Its a friend story 😭
32 gbs coming in handy
<@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> I'm actually crying rn
<@781539392039682058>
I ACCIDENTALLY RAN OW WITH GENSHIN OPEN STILL AND I DIDNT EVEN LAG
I mean hairy men can be sexy tho...
Ik hes gay
It really is
Ball's is so cute
I havent gotten on ow in a good while
Kiriko gets another mythic!
Ik she is
I hate that both SW and argenti are great options
I just need a sugar daddy
Ugh
Mmm but SW tho-
😋
OH i cant read apparently
Lemme guess Argenti is like Ting, Hanya, and huohuo?
Kafka just pops pussy too hard
Mmmmm but kafka so hott
I wasn't being sarcastic i was genuinely thanking you for being helpful
Thanks for the help 🥰
Gonna build pity for ruan mei and if I dont get her kafka's gonna be my girl (if they dont run at the same time, if they do then Im going for kafka)
My only viable ones are qua 😭😭
I kinda at least need 1 more dps type
Oh well
Ikk
Well Im hoping to get sw and have enough to save for kafka (im gonna roll for ruan mei as well)
Oh damnnn
Ima stack some good err on her then she's gonna slay so hard
Okay slay
I took a break during this event 😦
At least I got 2 options so when I (hopefully) get SW they wont fight for a lightcone
Sw event lc is s1 and luka one is s2 so thats why I was asking
My tutorial is only s1 and my pearls is s2
For Pela's lightcone
<@781539392039682058> guide girl help me outt
So true
Is that one of your benefactors?
Idk
😭
Calling homophobic dude short
<@781539392039682058>
Hopefully Ill get to play soon
Ok
so valid
gn
fuck transphobes
ahh
huh
HUH
Fr
Ive def topped twinks before
me with beidou
Fr fr
fr
it was kinda hot
I topped a daddy once
but yea kafka
yass go for your daddy\
luka is good for now you think tho?
the plan is to get kafka
especially since my only 2 compitent dps are both qua <:kekhandss:969204829354328105>
I think my plan is still SW/Gui, then try to get lucky with ruan mei then go for kafka
SLAYYYY
i might... skip... ruan mei]
oh purrr the most transphobic ones like trans people
oh purrr rob them
gimme money too
well you better not entertain em
what about your partner-
Big slay
I dont think Ive ever ghosted anyone
If you wanna
You should do it
Law girlboss and get the TEA
PLZ
<@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> we need to make this a copypast cause this is soooo 😭😭

Did you say hi back tho
AFTER A YEAR?
MY BAD
Can you blow my whistle baby
Ok
Rip emp
Fucking hack
Idk how he feels about the rework
Ik one of my friends love sombra
Slay queen
Cause fortnite og is hella fun
More fun
Idk man fortnites just better than ow as a shooter
I do rlly like jqs mythic
Lemme guess it costs more money
Jkjk
Good thing I quit ow
Its ugly
I saw
Smh
Yea like he don't check
I thought you meant it was bad that I got frustrated
Is it bad Im kinda mad at my bf for sending me a tiktok that I sent him 2 days ago
Um
Good
It's so funny cause they just called me fag, none of the music listed is part of that genre of gays
Crazyyy
Composed another banger today ‼️‼️
taylor is slay but its so funny to see how many people she's at the top of their list
Taylor got everyone in a chokehold huh
<@781539392039682058> 
Okayyy
Idk
Its rainbow?
The only thing he recommends is cosair????
He doesnt know keyboards
Girl
I can ask
I'd enjoy ratio buttttt
But ya I got a plan I like
Oh real
I think I’m gonna go for SW for mono qua (and guan for kafka), do a few pulls on ruan mei to see if Im lucky, then go for kafka for dps
I should get lynx hopefully to run mono qua
Ik she seems busted af for dot teams buttttttttttttttttttttt
Girl what if I dont get ruan mei?
I could def get L + Ratio cause I do have yukong at least butttt idk
Rumors saying kafka’s rerunning in 1.6 so I think it’ll be good
So like Kafka/Guin/Asta/Sustain?
Guin is the 2nd dps right?
<@781539392039682058> hear me out: I go for kafka as a dps. Idk she seems hot sauurr
Always playing gay music
Girl i don’t play street fighter
Damn almost all hoyo
Just not in the mood for it
Didnt say it wasnt
Alsoo most ppl did wrapped in mihoyo retirees
You listened to her more than me
I havent relistened much to the new mitski album
Dont forget Olivia Rodrigo girl
Yasss love laufey
New years resolution - thongs by cupcakke
Okkk cupcakke
Mhm mhm
Its just ram ranch
Girl we doing a bunch of spotfy wrapped talk in mihoyo retirees
<@197871478950068224> <@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> <@309634550273933314> it’s giving…. Homosexual
I'd fuck that up so fast
But he's nice
I dont have a super big preference for body types
I mean its not necessarily a yum for me
Sooo
But it nabbed me a nice otter bf
Mmm fair
I keep seeing tiktoks of va's imitating hsr characters reenacting memes and why is the writing better than the xianzhou arc 😭
So true
Be like me fat with even fatter tits
I eat a lot too for mine 😭
And sit pretty too
See I'm fat so my tiddies come naturally
OW is shit. Fortnite better
fr
Look what you made me do, this is why we cant have nice things
Mmmm mad woman maybe?
Depends on the situation
No body no crime and karma?
Cause men
I mean it’s about as sensical as the rest of the religions
Its pretty decent but he had a weird role in my life cause he’s disabled
Surprisingly I dont have a bad relationship with my father
Thats why you’re gay
Uh-uh
Dorotheeeaaauh
Heki being fatphobic and stupidphobic
Evermore expanding your brain
Baban in his big brain era
Homophobic family suckss
Understandable
I’ll make a house just for you
No one ever got mad at my pride icons somehow
Fr fr
Eat those fags UP
Oh yea the servers you’d two get….
War mercy in COMP?
Alsoooo why are people gay and racist? You’re oppressed why tf oppress other
I never talked to Crystal. Probably a good thing
Its been solid for a while?
girl im busy rn
Of hunger games and fnaf movie fame
Josh Hutcherson
Omg slay tho
its pretty generous
Im finally running through the event
The razer ones should be better
Not a bad option, it really depends on your earshape
I just went cheap
Ohhh idk any good keyboards to recommend tbh
funny
mmmm
ur crosshair is... interesting
Ugh fine
Why put me with boo smh
I dont have roblox
Worth it but tired
Just drove 2 hours back from a concert
Fuck the guys, lets talk about my moira potg
Yea they're ew
Oh those ones
But elaborate
I dont blame you
Only 2?
How are people so stupid
<@781539392039682058> is this also boy math?
My ana can be ok at times
Sameee
<@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224> 
He could get it
But it's good to be in a creative headspace again
MuseScore4 midi carried tbh
Thankssss
Cutee
It's only a draft so far BUT I'm proud of my work
My bf came up with a game idea so I'm trying to write some music for it
Also do you guys wanna hear the composition I'm working on?
Men with ponytails are so hot
I don't think he knows about his 2nd partner...
I didnt even ask him for it he just.. BOUGHT IT
Well do what I do and have your bf randomly spend money on you
My now 32gbs of ram could run it
Signora is my fav geo user
Oh?
Mmm thighs
Need a mod that gives itto his muscles back
Same
Love zhongli
The clockk is cute
I dont like to dump it too often but ya 14 year olds are dumb
They havent been in a long while thankfully
Fr fr
It was a rough period of my life
My child nudes are floating out there somewhere probably
Never got any romantic attention tho sadly it was all sexual cause no one could like me for me hehe
Yayy gotta love it fucking you up for the rest of your life
Shes so cuteeeee
I was sending nudes to ppl at 14 <:KekPat:966625000339668993>
He can die
No ummmm
<:Borrysit:1055469373550252062>
Nah at 14 I was uhhh lets just say being a little too sexual online
Yassss
I only like pewdiepie during like the slender era
Im from the cretaceous period tyvm
When I was his age…
No doxxing Heki! Bad Heki!
You can help people but for your own sake you gotta set boundaries
Tet you're so slay
You can disown him like Boo did to baban
Yea there's always gonna be a few for sure but germany is not as systemically racist as before
I mean the kid being 14
Nah germany aint about that life anymore
But yea especially being online at 14 they should know better
He's in his Wagner era omg
Nicole era?
she's hitting 10k now apparently at lvl 50
ratio 3
welt 2
welt
WAIT
dr ratio 2nd hottest imo
you're not wrong
I'll get hot man #1
fine
mmmmm
want her eventually tho
Damn it sucks I dont have her
Ahhhhh
and both are hot
since I have huohuo argenti still will be strong but shes good overall
Im still trying to decide be argenti and dr ratio
qq is also a cutie
I got like 5 pulls and 3.5k jadez
Maybe events but I gotta do story
No I wanna read story
Idk what else to say
Gimme 2 copies then heki
well I need good luck to get her e6 pookster
makes sense but alsoo maybe get another dps
so what you're saying is that I should get sw
so asta it is for seel!
girl I aint got any other debuffers
so... asta for seele
truthfully she feels better than yantwink
Ting/Huohuo/Asta?
but what team
Fine I'll try her out
mmm but what about dr ratio
still
nvm she's e2
also yantwink fucking sucks to build
she's like e1 only thooo
girl idk if I need to build 2 qua
<@781539392039682058> what do you think about me using 4* dan heng as 2nd dps for now
This person stupid asf
Purrrqueen
At least you still won tho?
Awwww
Hopefully the mercy was up your pussy
That widow a FLOP
LMAOO
Yummy
Im fine with eating spiders
Ty aster
i mean if you scared I do get that
get some sleep heki
I know a bit
He'd probably be willing to help you
Slayyyy
She does real good
(im gonna use it for spotify + game)
he got me 32 gbs so I can run so much
me when my bf spends unneccesary money buying me ram
good luck fa-
slayy, only have huohuo so probably aint going for that
I LOVE HERRR
Idk if Im gonna get kafka if I dont have her best supports yknow
see Im a theory crafter
I WAS RIGHT WOWWW
I still am sad with not getting sw or kafka
She might slay with kafka
She increasing break efficiency, extends break duration, increases spd, and just generalized dmg
Chrom Im not a theory crafter idk
Cause I got the cracked supports in Bronya, Pela, and Tingyun (sadly no fu xuan) so my supports are much less cope
Hmm… while I think Yanqing works wells well as a dps I don’t have his by far bis defensive support, it might be more worth it to go for better dps characters
She seems like she’d be good with DOT characters especially huh
She’s super useful
I’m glad I randomly did a 10 pull for huohuo
Or fire mc
Work on building pela (I’ve started her at least) and maybe asta
I can probably just work with 4 star dan hang for now for dps
Might pull on argenti since I thought he looked nice from his drip marketing but if I don’t get him, gonna go for dr ratio? Since both can work fine
Ahh so all 3 seem like an option, I’d probably look less at Ruan mei because I don’t have gepard for yanqing teams (and the other 2 are hot men)
What about Argenti?
Idk if I wanna do mono ice with yanqing so I’ll check ‘em out
I can def do that, I still am going thru story tho so I gotta do that first
.... idk yet!
Yeaa I dont have a lot of units bc I took a long break
The only thing with yanqing I was worried about losing his passive without like gepard but if you think fmc works then might as well
No tingyun?
She's actually so cracked tbhh
Natasha and huo huo
Help me oh great hsr guide maker
Well ya I'm just trying to decide who to make my 2nd dps for Forgotten hall, p much only using seele for everything
He slayed tho
Dps*
<@781539392039682058> who should I build in star rail
Scopes are for queers
Gagged em
it'd be annoying
I'm so late to the story but... TINGYUN?!
I mean baizhu is one of if not Furina's best healing partner
Then it depends on what the goal is with baizhu but I understand wanna to spoil him to look cool
But what if we use furina to buff wifey (idk who we're talking ab)
after not getting bronie I gave up
I finally got back into starrail after forever
Fr you can't blame the country for a person being bigoted
L
Did you add him on snap?
Just saw someone call Navia's animations cuntimations 😭
Definitely not a bad game for ana tbh
Was this open queue?
That mercy died 10 times?
Oh
Sounds like you need adderal
But still
Ik huge lore drop about me
Men are trash mostly
I didnt meet up with anyone but still fucked me up mentally
its ok aster at your age I was sexting older men, take ya time with things
some people
sadly
I think so
I think probably the most similar personality dynamic with my bf and I are is Kavetham maybe? idk
oh ya you're v young
you're so fanum tax
you're so skibidy
sticking out your gyatt for the rizzler
He kinda like me
I like alhaitham
Dori seems like the type to murder people tbh
I still dont like xiao tbh
Mmmm
Their chemistry...
Clorivia wasn't my thing until the most recent archon quest
Unlike xiaoven shippers
Yea I forgot that cynnari and kavetham are both good
Oh wait hold awn
Fr fr
I rlly only ship xingyun, ganbei, and (idk navia x clorinde ship name)
He just wants to see me as zhongli and he wants to be venti, not necessarily a ship
Me and my bf be like
Height difference
Girl-
Yeaa  thats why I say only 5'7
He wants to do venti zhongli next year
Ganbei supremacy idc
One as a treat
Oh god do I gotta post our Halloween photos for height difference
My partner is little spoon. He only like 5'7
You're like the Statue of Liberty!
Oh girl-
Cause you'd feel more like a bottom?
People are shocked because I am that tall
I was born to slay sorry
😭
I am actually 6'4
Too late
Yes
No
Heki
Idk
<@447218009749061632> <@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224> 😭😭💀
Mei is aight
Thats my channel!
When are you streaming it
NO
Real
Just saying u a fem top
No
We love a good blouse
See I'm winning cause my bf is mostly bottom
Josh wouldn't like his zionist ass
Girll
Still important
I'm not a main but she's my most played
5. Use swift step
4. Take high ground when you can. It's pretty easy for her to climb
3. Headshots do 3x damage so try and aim with her when you can. She can be really powerful
2. She heals slow so sometimes you gotta play close
1. You can weave in damage while healing is on CD. 1-2 shots between heals can be AMAZING
Gagged those gays
He's givinggg pop 2 charli
He's giving 1989 Taylor
Like he's giving Anna Wintour
Smh people thinking Tighnari aint rocking a mean bob
He looks like the rock in moana
It's annoying
I just dont do comp
Who carried you?
sameee
<@781539392039682058> you
LK with tits ya
The new valk is soooo fun
Yasss homophobic queen
Not just from the stomach but expanding down and out is a good way to not limit yourself when breathing
100% breathing is the essential part to singing
umm idk any off the top of my head
cant believe the israeli propaganda machine even got to kevin
no I like her but Taylors too high of a bar
Navia could never slay as much as swift
Bjork lived tho
Money
❤️❤️❤️
Heki do you hate me
😭
Uh take high ground and aim?
Im worse than lumi so-
They like a nazi so ofc they stupid
Im talking about who we love
Mice = Icelandic singer-songwriter Björk right?
Um
<@197871478950068224> <@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> 😭😭
Im the brig queen
Skill issue?
Wild but true
Well sleep time
Neuvillette is so hot and fun to play I just needed him ok
And minecraft (which is good at least)
I sadly got back into genshit
I already was up too late playing minecraft with my bf and I got an 8:30 class tomorrow 😭
Im going to faggotsleep
She slayed
Björk version xoxo
<@781539392039682058> 
My beidou halloween costume finally lookin cute
You with your parents tbh
Imagine owning funko pops
The poster is 31 apparently
HELPPPPP
<@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632>
Okay barbie furry pfp
no
he got that luh calm fit?
Theres a bjork version
Is it bad the neuvillette kinda got me back into genshin
ok!
2 bangers I found cleaning my camera roll put
<@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224> 
Can we play with Bumpers 😄
Kiriko is my main
Mhm
It means you're my son
That is NOT ru paul
Gay
LOlll
Damn is ashe JFK?
That can be dangerous heki
Damn
You're a survivor
Crazy
cunt
edna is ICON
its a reference to the tv show pose
boo works the piers
boo could never be a house father
oh god evngelista works too well
baban is a mama's boy
make that pull out game weak?
heki is so trad gf
Oh speaking of sex-
Thankfully my bf is a bottom because I rarely am in a bottoming mood
girl how am I supposed to know
Alhaitham is hot I give you that
Alhaitham
I have a boyfriend
same braincell frr
nothing wrong with liking him
But ya troye is def decent
Im doing homework rnnn
troye isnt actually that mainstream
no it just makes you a bottom
OR SELF TITLED ERA
smh
They're all they/thems
pop 2 charli esppp
This is my fav ai trend
~~also taylor is so much bigger popularity than beyonce sorry~~
IKR LIKE LEMME ENJOY BOTH IN PEACE YOUR STAN WARS ANNOY ME
See when ppl are like Bey better singer than Taylor its like duh are you fucking stupid? we already know
no bc tay tay has her own vocal strengths and writing is her strongest suit
except mileys a better singer (jk jk)
IKRRR
all lana stans do this its only natural
Lumi in her problematic era omg
last.fm>>>>>
Idc about wrapped so Im chillin with downloads
gimme downloads and I'll participate
Fr like trying to do podcasts on spotify sucks
goodnight homos
Me listening to stolen versions
bvvvvvv bvvvvv
Okayyyy loona
girl its sarcasm
Im actually so offended
or a lack of care
Well, you see it was probably a lack of communication between different teams that work on the game
the kiriko shit?
I tagged you because of Ram tbhhh
<@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224> 
😭
<@781539392039682058> 
She can be great when diving so if someone is taking some chip damage you can go in for a clean kill, if there's no openings poke can work just fine
Mmm know who the ult priority is and kinda generally know each hero
That creepypasta occupied way too much of my brain power
Woof
Omg I remember how scared I was of slender as a tween
Billie Eilish could never
This one's one of my favs 
Girl yes
<@781539392039682058> 
<@&1099421891007094886>  idk if any of y'all listen to ethel but 💀💀💀
I follow him on my... one twitter acc
His OF goes hard tbh
I was feeling creative last night
Girl you ate the whole buffet and made nikado avocado look famished after how much you ate that
Ok
ummm
Yea ik
<@781539392039682058> 

<@781539392039682058> <@309634550273933314>
Mother Spa
Act 2 is a fucking bangin quest
I finally started playing Sumeru
Well clearly you never could be
it's okay cause his step father is better than you'll ever be
I was in it so our child wouldn't have a broken home
like my love for you never existed
Because you never made me hard enough to perform
Let your mother and father sort this out
Baban you're too young for this
maybe has some really bad chronic anxiety
idk then
Weird
MMmm maybe it was his first time with a guy and he was nervous
Maybe he has a piss kink idk
Slay
Hello?
<@171082989046988800> <@447218009749061632> <@781539392039682058> 
Bad synergy with the team other than maybe sojourn. Especially lucio mercy, they dont work together like at all. Way too much dps, you probably should've focused on healing. And girl how tf you got more deaths than a dps like-. Sure the aim is slay and its fine to just fuck around with the playstyle ofc but its not actually good like competitively
Well if you want a serious response...
Ok, they only pay $11/hr tho
Mama had a job interview today
Slay
Its too accurate
she'd never catch covid for some D
Nah cupcakke is all about covid saftey
<@197871478950068224> 
by the dawns early lightt
Ooohhh say can you seee
My head is great tho so it's not true
Ive seen more than just the taylors
its saurrr good
Addiction is my fav song by her
Literally any of her other albums I miss more... back when she had at least decent writing
The whole album is kinda like this tbh
Literally the whole verse 😭
Holy shit the lyrics suck
Have you seen agora hills?
Go stan flop cat or somethin idk
Taylana stays winning and people big mad
Why would anyone hate lana smh
Its fake lol
Lana clears doja cat tbh
<@197871478950068224>
yes some football ppl in my class was complaining about it slightly
I mean everything about that chiefs game was about taylor, even for the football ppl
You think the dad is 💅 ?
Purr
<@781539392039682058> <@447218009749061632> 
Thats why you should dps sym
No like people suck at shooting her
its cause people have ass aim
not impossible
why
Its ok
yasss
okayyyy
Shit sucks definitely
Trying to listen to the new Doja Cat album and this shit sucks...
need to stop stacking tbh causeeee
I got like 1 total win tonight
lol

I like pyramids 😁
Natural order of the world
You're a lana fan it makes sense
Its cause she's so relatable for us 😍
Its baddd
I need mental help
<@171082989046988800> 
Iconic
So it was slut!
or my expectations were sooo high
Loona and odd eye circle just have so much better
Sadly loossemble wasnt that great of an album tho
He made his bed, now he lies in it
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
<@447218009749061632> 
Jokes on you swifties are mentally ill!
And people thought it would never open on twt LOL
yass the vault is already opened
Why was I tagged 3 times smh
Uhh not sure
Like overall?
See I listen to primarily western music haha
Its so slay
Okayyyyy taste
She is a robot that looks like a horse bffr
I keep calling orisa whorisa
Yea people are overly sensitive
Only good thing coming from overwatch is the gay ships
I get reported for calling people bad at the game its nothing new
Fr
<@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224>
Thats how conservatives are
Faggot
No fr
I'll make tet have a thick ass!
Girl IM TOO FAT (more like Im proportional to my height) and the sizes max out at like 34 inch weight
I have decided to do a beidou cosplay for halloween but cant find anything big enough ughhhh this sucks
Do you know what bumping purses means babes
Were they bumping purses orr
😭
I 2nd this
Yasss
I need healing
You should've heard her tired af on overwatch yesterday
 <@171082989046988800>
girl that doesnt sound like sleeping to me
heki get sleep
Im on the battle.net all
Its not mobile
GIRLLLLLL
May lag tho
But I can probably play a bit
You gotta add me first tho
Oh tonight?? Okayy
Im just over 1 month in rn
Slurr
My bf said a red flag thing and idk how to respond ngl
Fr fr
Girl-
I barely get on hsr
I added you heki
Soldier is the hottest imo
Ok girlie
Ohh shit ya I'll have to add you and play sometime fr
<@171082989046988800> <@781539392039682058> <@197871478950068224> <@309634550273933314> 
Might be DC level tbh
For it to look like some flop ass marvel film!
Yum
It looks like marvel cgi tbh.....
See I support womens wrongs
Brazilian swifties are intense
We're gonna have to make an arc city OW team
😀
She ate that tbh
Ofc you play moira
Om the refrigerator, 360 degrees
I wonder what her relationship is like with Pink tbh
The one taylor CD I'm missing....
<@197871478950068224> did you see lana's lyric change in arcadia?
The karma remix may suck but theyre soo cutee
Speak your truth!
Real!
I knowww I was fucking with you
If this is gay fashion now I will be straight ig
Did you die?
The category is butch queen realness and it's 0s across the board for you!
Thankfully my mind has never been corrupted by those jiafei remixes
It helps me get down my idgaf pills
I've tried poppers once
No, sorry xoxo
Me when? The poppers? Hit?
Me when the poppers hit
Yassss horse tranquilizers slay!!!1
Im gonna make that company
There should be a gay bar that just has a bunch of cats roaming around
They're all just short fr fr
I'm usually over a foot taller than a lot of my friends
beat a bitch up!
Its ok Heki you can be the protectr
Im like 9 inches taller than my bf so if he ever tried to get physical with me.... rip
Slayyy!!!
I'd beat em up way too easy
See if anyone tried to get physical with me, that's a stupid decision.
oop-
Oh then throw him away idk
Find him a fashionable boyfriend then!
Oh real
my bf doesnt have good fashion taste but thats okay! I dress him up like a barbie doll fr
just find him a fashionable gf then BOOm you're solved
At least that's something you can fix
Gonna have a great family once the old bigots pass away!
wbk
Wena pal amongas
But ya its iconic
Girl might as well tag everyone at this point likeee
So true 😍
I love afag!
#geminitingz
The CUNT period
They aint wrong
<@781539392039682058> <@171082989046988800> <@447218009749061632> <@197871478950068224>
If a man says he hates Taylor Swift he's getting burned alive likeee
Honestly respect
Thats a cardinal sin in your book
How did you ever like him heki
Yes
Even using no slang they're just uninteresting
Straight people can be boring to talk to yes
Nightmare?
I can teach you dw
I have some friends that are garbage too dw
Well since you're into that shit game now wanna play?
Why tf did you get into overwatch
Madonna is so unintentionally funny I love her
150 euros???
Tbh poor spencer
VILEEE
ITS SO GOOD
My brother likes to drive manual but he isn't weird about it thankfully
Good thing he's a fucking ex
Oop-
you make it harder for yourself SMH
Idk why people drive manuals tbh
damn
slurrr
NICEEE
Like imagine you have a pingpong ball sitting in the back of your mouth
Your throat and nasal palette should be very relaxed and open
Doesnt have to be good but it'll help you feel what a darker tone sounds and feels like
Try imitating an opera singer (western)
it takes time, it wont happen overnight. Just keep practicing and trying to feel more comfortable
Probably start by singing with more power to yourself or with a small group of trust people and trying to put on a performance
Itd just be getting more comfortable and confident with singing
No
Sorry, I have the oldest xbox known to man
Its too accurate 😭
Also she is giving Mariah Carey's mom in this vid 😭😭😭
I never realized how out of tune the singing is until this ai 😭😭
Emily Cunty is SO MOTHER!
Not a fan of him but I know origins babbeeyyyy
Its a running gag because people got really mad at him when he said 1989 was a better album that TPAB (to pimp a butterfly by kendrick lamar)
Thankfully some of us have normal brains 😅
Album of the millennium
Listen to AR by Addison Rae instead xoxo
😭😭
yayyyy
I used to be so scared of like slender man as a kid
I am 21 I am not senile yet
Are you calling me OLD?
I do remember I feel fantastic 😭
Oops 😜
But this is better than the 1989 tv cover
Girl I'm the only one in the group you tagged that likes taylor 😭
She's #1 I'm #2 lana stan
I send all my lana stan stuff to lumi tbh
I did 😭
Most likely there are no receptors to pick up the spice since there are no taste buds!!! Hope this helps ❤️❤️
Omg taylor really clapped back
Its ok I gave her a disappearing ink pen 🥰
Would top
Its new lana material so I gotta 😍
I think I have 1 more new song out tonight to listen to then sleep
Kinda reminds me of the nightmare before Christmas
Distinct! Sounds definitely like trying to sound horror movie
Mmmm the ghost one is interesting. Not in a bad way
i got a lot to listen to so I may not remember
I'll consider it
The club song is cuteeee
Just got done listening to Addison Rae
Ohh yea Ill check these out
Since the vocaloids are just a synth instrument theres a lot of ways to use em
I LOVE CLUB MUSIC
Ohh ghost? I know my boyfriend listens to them some
Vocaloid seems like a hard thing to know where to start ngl
I'm considering seeing weyes blood and faye webster live butttt ones a drive and the other is just an opener for another artist smh
In terms of loving all their songs, probably Weyes Blood, Phoebe Bridgers, and Faye Webster would be my best contenders
I playlist heavy but I own a lot of CDS and Vinyl so I know things by album pretty well
Ohh I have a few albums that are like that
It took me a while to decide which song to recommend 😭 I love them all too much
personally this album is in my top 10 OAT
here is another bjork song if you wanna check it out
That whole situation is heartbreaking
Its badddd
No for real
I'm sorry about that
I probably did not warn you how bad it was
Its kinda bad
Yea look it up if you wanna
Probably but none as big as ricardo lopez
Making this whole server bjork stans
She's doing quite well, its been almost 30 years since that incident
She's a gay icon
Her fashion is so fucking good
He videotaped everything and I think you can find the tapes online
She had a really bad stalker than killed himself and tried to kill her through a bomb in the mail
Or her one stalker situation
Most people know her from the swan dress 😭
She's an icon but never really was super mainstream
Maybe some other post cuts or vespertine stuff
Bjork is just weird 😭 Im sure theres things more your taste
thought it'd go well with the other songs though!
Yeaaa its not everyone's cup of tea
jkjk just funny pun with the name
make sure to use headphones
this song is also super interesting. personally I love it but it is so minimalist in nature its almost simply vocals
Windows dont normally change much
like WHY is the unchanging window so important?
but I hope you like broadcast! To be honest they've really been growing on me recently
I gotchuu. Im a spotify bitch because I have student premium
I'll share youtube link if thats what ya use
I have a song you might like then
It probably feels like a drug trip when you're trying to space out
so its a bit jarring while being spacey at the same time
oohhh this is interesting so far. It's very minimalist but also on the vocals and guitar it has a ton of distortion
One of my favorites personally
This album is also really great for relaxing and potential disassociation 

I love lamp for that, I get that way too when listening to Faye Webster a lot
When I have a headache I like to listen to hyperpop for some reason though <:slayjj:1120092406012989451>
I have a whole playlist for that type of laid-back music!
I'm gonna make it simple for now. Basically villian era, you and your man against the world type of thing
that whole album is so serene and calming
thats a good choice! I've actually listened to that one
Yes I have! Ive only listened to one album so far
if you like indie rock, bad idea right hits
except the part about being madly in love
We're helping boo enter his reputation era
mmm lemme go look cute and indie and listen to some lamp so that I can seem cool
not the best but bad idea right? eats
She's cute for a pop star
could be worse
NOT CALEB
Oh yea I remember your name
Michael Jackson! Taylor Swift! Loona!
Hold onn lemme get started on Loona too
Look what you made him dooo
Omg boo entering his reputation era
Also that matty healy fling lasted a month if that lol
hehe
I listen to the 1975 too so-
Also love me some oldd Taylor and Kacey Musgraves for some girlypop country
Orville Peck? Trixie Matel?
He's bouncing off my booty cheeks I love the way he rideesss
Taylor Swift, Carly Rae Jepsen, and Charli XCX are my main girlies rn
also some FOLK
I listen to a lot of pop, indie pop and indie rock
Evangelion soundtrack era timeee
Loona slaps
I'm trying to make my bf a swiftie
I thought you were gonna say kpop
He's listening to some indie record much cooler than hers
Omg he should be boo's boo
speak now is peak swemo
SWEMO CULTURE ALIVE AND WELL BABY
this is why you have a new step-dad baban
he called cruel summer trash
why tag boo he's a taylor anti
HELPP
You must be calling onika burgers trash cause Cruel Summer too good
<@447218009749061632>
Onika burgers
Trash = onika burgers?
Sorry I was too busy listening to cruel summer 41 times
I have a friend that loves that song
Statsforspotify, receiptify may be your best current options?
I use airbuds but there's multiple ways
Oops-
Trying singing with slurring your words like you're drunk
Dead
It sucks cause I was such a fan for a while. But nooooo she's gotta have a groomer bf and then alienate her fanbase because they call her out
Flop cat
She didn't even slay nearly as much tho
😭
Cause you're drunk
Oh thats why you couldn't tell it was sarcasm
Its ok baban, me and your step-dad dont fight
Girl its called sarcasm 😭
She's just so cunty
Cher has a unique look to her
I googled her
Yes
Bitch that's cher
Im always out of the loop huh
Girl dont you have a bf or whatever
Imagine having drama
Omg are you in detroit?
Lizz uh-oh
Enlarged keep yourself safe joke
I'll give you an easier set up for ya. Even tie the noose for ya xx
Heki Im gonna block you
Bitch....
Please tell me someone here is gay enough that they're also a lorde fan
Im the artsy one in my relationship too but anything visual arts? Cant do
Baking is literally just following directions 😭 I cant decorate for shit so I aint gonna bake
I aint that gay
I can actually cook okay, not amazing but it's edible and some dishes are pretty good
she's also only 2 inches shorter than him.... why is she crouching so much
cause she is THE MAN
Swifties are falling for this left and right 😭 like can y'all get any more fucking dumb
Aged worse than King Charles
Brb blackmailing morgan wallen
Oh so now we're being racist against currency?
Girl...
Ohh okk
When would you stream
Barbie game?
so powerful it got me a date
Stan carly tho, this song is a gay banger and y'all need to STAN her
Doja girl maybe dont date a racist boy then try to isolate your fans more
both ariana and lizzo manifested their own downfalls
No way shes coming back from this
Shes over
Its fr
basically a combo of her, her dance captain, and production team SAd some of the dancers, fat shamed them, and just other nasty things
idk if beyonce has bad karma
No
At least the other girl could sing like damn 😭
it sounds like what she normally puts out, which is at least decent
but yea ava's song is a slay tbh
speed drive better
fr fr
yasss its good
thats not helpful
Huh
Renaissance is amazing tho
As for Beyonce I actually like her so I'll wish her well. She's truly the queen of vocals
Nicki already has a rapist husband, eventually she'll get backlash for that
Lumi and I are the resident lana stans
Paying $200 to take down a hate tweet 😭
No
Her shift at waffle house recharged her energy
Lana Del Rey always wins somehow
Write about Taylor
Better use of dolphin meme
What
Yass we hate conservatives
bruh
GIRL YOU SAID YOU WERENT
<@171082989046988800> were u gonna stream tonight
I love Charli XCX
Yes
Lol
As silent as Taylor was with joe
I listen to the 1975 a lot still so no comments
He's an interesting case
Saying she doesn't love her fans and also dating a racist/groomer bf
Doja is being a huge cunt rn
Ari is the home wrecker yes
2 of the artists she mentioned are getting cancelled
Lana's question for the culture post
Omg when you do I will give you updates on my dating life
😭😭
not too late cause my ass does work
ok!
Also would you wanna VC tonight or later? Ik I still gotta do food then walk
Interesting
we should!
LOL yasss get em homos
Its so sad, Ariana's music is 100x better than her as a person
Leave the friend group
Real
These people aren't worth your time or energy
Just tell them to kys and move on babes
We need a channel for just chuu gif spamming
My homegirl doesnt have a gif somehow
Taylor swift... please save us
2 racists in the top 2 spots? Its so over
I think music is already dead with bb100
Dream caused 9/11?
HAHA
New flop alert!
Posay girl, like what cupcake sings about
Anyways
Good luck girl, you'll need it
Iconic rat
Honestly she just needs a deathnote
Better than revenge gives the energy of you're gonna die sooo it could work
Also maybe this is why we cant have nice things and look what you made me do
Baban knows nothing about evergod so thats an L
Karma, vigilante shit, no body no crime maybe?
I had sex with my hjgh school math teacher
Thats crazy
OMG WHAT
Bitch Im not life alert what do you need
As long as it isn't spirit
Eyyyy thats good that you have one on lock
Any other places you're thinking about applying to?
Ah that's fair
And dont decline you immediately upon interview?
Hopefully free?
At least you get free flight so that's fun?
Not the mr beast burger 😭
You're in DENVER?
Teeheee
Im kinda in the dating stage with a guy rn but we aren't official at all
Hopefully its actually good dickk
Oh good luck getting dick
Like you put in effort and spit in your face
Its still insulting yea!
WHAT
Be homo
I automatically assume he/him is male and thats a bad habit of mine
😜
Oop
But congrats on them coming out
Sorry I dont read up on your lore
Ew
Imagine being bi but having a bf
Us after we get banned from tet territory
Be gay
There's a taylor swift song about that omg
<@447218009749061632> <@171082989046988800> we have been banished
KYS
Or coffee first to reel him in then fuck idk
Just ask him to fuck then 🤷
Take him on a coffee date?
mmmm
buy him an ariana grande perfume
possibly yea
hmmm do frank ocean or tyler, the creator then? on top of lana so you look more dominant ig
tell him you like lana del rey
back in the kitchen?
meth teacher
dont do that infront of your class but go ahead ig
slay!
Im as straight as an arrow
couldnt be me
this isnt their first time
<:Borrysit:1055469373550252062>
This is accurate
what the hell?
its a lot of kids thinking they know everything
people (especially genshin players) are WEIRD
duh!
tiktok cause they have the same color palette
like I dont ship nor even like scaramona but they arent family bffr
Fr
The worst is when people hc ages and take that as canon and tell you cant ship people because of it
Before He Cheats by Carrie Underwood is also cuntry
Cuntry just makes it sound better
Pop: Style, I Wish You Would, This Love (Taylors Version) (This one if you like dreampop), So It Goes, Call It What You Want, Death By A Thousand Cuts, Cruel Summer

Country (cuntry as I call it): Our Song, Mary's Song (Oh My My My), You Belong With Me (Taylor's Version), Love Story (Taylor's Version), The Other Side of The Door (Taylor's Version), White Horse (Taylors Version), Mine (Taylors Verion), Enchanted (Taylors Version) , Back To December (Taylors Version), Dear John (Taylors Version)

Rock (more pop-rock or soft rock but still): Haunted (Taylors Version), The Story of Us (Taylors Version), Better Than Revenge (Taylors Version), Electric Touch (Taylors Version), State Of Grace (Taylors Version), Holy Ground (Taylors Version)

Indie pop/folk: Cardigan, August, Hoax, Peace, Willow, Tis the Damn Season, Glitch, Evermore, Exile, Ivy
Ok I'll give some recs based on genre
What type of music do you normally listen to?
You can be #3 its ok
Happy birthday to my 2 favorite whores! ❤️
WAIT BDAY TWINS
swiftopolis
yea
Well we're about to find out what after is like
