What do I do if I qualify for all 4 lol
lol wait 4 separate ones?
let's do it
yes
Is it news of free 1/4 Mei or something?
What happened to cause this name change?
lol
I haven't seen them much around here in my city either but they're very common in China
Alternatively, I've seen them in another much hotter American city (but more rarely)
Can confirm this is what the above reads
pushing people to quit
it's just adding insult to injury
yeah
Back to crying about 20k xtals 6.2 -> 50k xtals 6.3 -> another 50k 6.4 CNY probably
Anyway, enough flood
Well, answer prob somewhere on youtube
Yeah we need to get a Japanese speaker in here to decipher Mei
Theresa was probably named after St. Theresa for her mercy at her birth in not killing her sibling
then there's Kiana as in Diana, goddess of the moon (or at least they named her after the moon in 2nd Eruption iirc)
Mei idk what 芽衣 lit Clothing for a Budding Sprout is supposed to represent 
Bronya is Russian for Armor (Bronya Zaychik = Armored Bunny, which is cringe unless you tell me it's a nickname or callsign)

Otto apparently means rich <>
I think that's all the Flamechasers
Anyways, Mobius is obvious
meanwhile Griseo is on a ship deep in the sea of starsafaik
Hehe <>
Oh, there we go
Griseo is grey

WTF .
hmm
but griseo specifically?
Grey, I believe
Why are all the flamechaser beasts of Hindi mythology
Yup
but I feel like this is going into some can of worms territory I don't want to go so
Secondly, the post-edit message broadening Hua to all Asians is kinda monkas
Yeah, I'm saying that 华人 doesn't have to be someone that's a citizen of mainland China
I do
Eh, I would first disagree the pre-edit messages in saying that 华人 and people of 华人 descent which is 华裔 should be the same
Eh?
Sort of
was actually thinking of 华人 but yeah
yeah
Sakura is obvious
anyway
I'm pretty sure Hua is 华, a common term representing Han ethnicity.   


~~Ahem <>~~
Even today, I hear old foggies speaking in Cantonese referring to Han people as people of Hua
or, well, a pair, at least
I never really thought about how Eden is the opposite of Elysium
Also, which voice for Zhongli?
What happened?
I just wanted to place Ely in here for completion purposes
Yeah
I think it was said somewhere that Kevin was chosen as a name because hoyo just wanted a super normal name but
lol
Elysia is very obvious

I don't really know what Vill-V is. Clearly not a Chinese name as the name in Chinese is just phonetic
I think the V is just 5 and then Vill is...


Is that a reference to her multi-personalities state?
Su should be a reference to Sumeru but there's apparently also Su- as a prefix?

<>
especially when you are under lots of pain but you have the ability to focus away from pain
I can relate to that
Kosmas should be this since when I first heard about Kosmas boss, a CN guy kept calling him Cosmos

Well
mhm
Thousand Kalpas
it was 千劫 iirc
Oh right
I did not know that
Checks out
your browser history
~~boundary = domain~~
How the heck did Kalpa come about in this translation
Good observation
> - VV supply for reference: 
Ah, Vill-V supply for reference
yeah
I guess I can look back up VV banner details
How does this breakdown again?
190?...
> - In 6.3, her expansion gives bonus weapon + stigma selector box (like Silverwing and Vill-V)
Is this the only information we have about HTR's banner?

I just want to confirm an estimate on how many pulls approx she will need
Where's the details on HTR's banner?
AND I HOPE THIS WORKS OUT
Lmao ouch
Could we just leave it at lvl50 pri?
Huh. Didn't know that hitcount is this much of a problem.
Must have miscounted during the few times I saw turg go up to 12s or one of the special cases with much hitcount from HoT happened
Kk
Btw, who do I credit for this translation?
Regardless, how else does turg extend from GD
GD QTE is 1 hit but her weapon active animation lasts around 5 seconds
?
Stig effect extension 
With this, GD can reactivate Newton B while still off field

Currently, GD qte ani only lasts 5s or so and Turg duration doesnt always get extended to the full 12 seconds
Whoa that's the best part of the skin
kk
Cool, so it's translated already
WTF
Oh...
<@148145559897636865> What's up with this? 
<>
type?
delete the most useless one, I meant
LOL add it now add it now
I'm willing to bet not typeless
Where can we complain about boss design wtf
I don't know if this is troll or not but this SSS Benares is such a betrayal of Bella's aesthetic
Seggs
Whoa
Yesss
SHOW CAT
Has this been posted?
> 1）「珍藏·心雷鸣响」福利活动即将开启，完成活动指定任务可领取「雷之律者」角色卡；
1) The Treasure · Heart Thunder welfare event is about to start. Complete the designated tasks of the event to receive the Herrscher of Thunder character card ;
Ohhhh HoT card
tf
In front of gold pin removal?
Coincidence?
Together it's exactly 50 weekly
Because asterite shop allows 30 weekly and BA allows 20 weekly
I feel like deleting BA would be the next move
I'm just kidding but
LOL THEY'RE ACTUALLY GETTING RID OF BATTLE ARSENAL
What the fuck
LOL
This is insane
I might not be able to pilot anymore
I also love the bot being the Elysian Realm typewriter
Great reference
Yup Sampo
what a creep
I'm at the moment in the story when the Childe sibling comes in with smoke bombs and carried the main cast away
They tried a lot of things with their events
I can see it but also not really
😭
agreed
Genshin MC VA only talks on stream lol
It's like they pulled away half the Genshin team to make SR and now Genshin is undermanned
It's kind of weird that we dont get full dialogue for some reason but I am quite happy about this
They just gave up after a certain point
IKR
LOL ikr?! They actually put down different responses this time!
🤯
Does anyone here in arc city underground base live around the Chicago area?
sigh
But that's so in character
Oh hey server pfp change
Where are my fellow rats at
I like how this channel is now the erp channel
Merry Terimas~
Thank you!
Merry Christmas!
~~but I don't want lol~~
I almost clicked
Someone else take it
lol
What the fuck
internet slow
then keep going above in this reply chain I linked
if you have read above
some other clues from Iriya
Try this list I guess?

Would use them as emotes
Could someone give me a copy of the server name and also the pfp? I like it too much
I reaaaally like the current aesthetic though
pfps
and
so many name changes
What's going on lol
or Hua
<@148145559897636865> you Seele
whoaaa
and then save all your stocks until someone votes a Republican on
People who get 3k paychecks multiple times a month needs to get on the tax evasion meta
3k per company rewarded stock
3k per paycheck
^
esp not with stun
Reminders that boss trauma immunity got taken away in 5.6
<>


...not that I've tested this
huh
ehhh anyway got blockade to clear
I don't know honk terms in Spanish
Actually
Not a problem
Wonderful
I highly appreciate
Wow
I've been here for a while and still don't know which channels are for what
<@148145559897636865> I like how Ely looks the same before or after makeup
so I thought it was nice
but it matched what Keilo had for a time iirc
I don't know who Dia is
I don't know who put this nickname here
ngl, I've had this nickname for at least a month, but nobody said anything about it
lol for how long have this name baited you?
I am very confused what the ping was about
LOL
Hmmm
The whole point of buying VillV is you dont bald (as much)
Which one of the 2022 valks has had good gameplay?
Huh? Sure
<@148145559897636865> Let me know what you thought of the valk reveal!
I can come in and help whale finish it last second if you need
you good?
hoyo just didn't bother to make delta patching possible
apparently it could be lowered down to 0.05 GB
Damn
Flamescion Public Welfare Project is a public welfare project jointly launched by Mihoyo and China Youth Development Foundation, dedicated to jointly paying attention to and supporting the development of youth education. The recipient of the second phase of the Flamescion Public Welfare Program is Baza Township Central School, Huzhu Tu Autonomous County, Haidong City, Qinghai Province. The donated living facilities are expected to be put into use in the second half of this year. 
Voice Actor: Narrator - Yan Ning
ping if need me
I need to finish dailies
anyway
and by that, I'm including Brazil
It is between 1 and 6am for everyone in the Americas kek
Well
Not the edit's fault
but I know how to reverse image search
Not too sure what the art is
Can you download the current pfp from the server settings and upload to this chat or imgur so I could search it? <:Childpeepothink:920083702090969118>
You mean we should ping <@447218009749061632> or you mean here? <>
but I'll wait for input from others
I think it's still a regular mermaid
It's probably not going to work until you zoom all the way to the face, in which case using a screenshot from the actual outfit and moving this to server banner would be better
<@148145559897636865> What do you think? <:Childpeepothink:920083702090969118>
Otherwise, pfp wasted
but for server pfp, we need to zoom in
I meant that's ok if you put it up as the server banner because some details would be seen

As in this banner
That's a zoom for a server image, but if it's the banner not the pfp
Well we need to zoom in
do again
0/10
Horrible pfp for Morbmaid
is that from Shrek?
What even is that
but I can't even see Morbmaid???
HAHAHAHA
what hap
Whoa the pfp change
?
It was fun, hope I run into you again <@704867526877904908>
Yeah that cat looks scuffed
Tried Raven instead of Felis but didn't absorb ref in time
If I got a ref at the beginning... no idea, who knows
I already spent 5 hours of my life on the Felis AE SpA rotation
Yeah, I would have had an easier time sandbagging in RL
pressure from cata made it a lot more worth
anyway this was fun
I know you're not
smh
Gresham really backstabbing smh smh smh
lmao though yeah I did consider the possibility releasing the video to seek help would get it revealed and considered it worth it
too high level sniping for me
WOW
lmao yeah I'm about ready to release my score anyway
You can at least eliminate BCD
Yeah A is correct
but brb
A I think
Oh hell yeah
was busy so forgot to say
LOL that's awesome!
post score? 👀
but ig I will offrate this 1 weapon eventually
What I do regret is not spending some 20-35 pulls on Ragna discount banner
lol
🤷
and I'm like at 5k crystals so I plan to at most squeeze in 7TR before spending on Herrscher or Vill-V or something
Wow such flex
Astral didn't come when I pulled Cez 86 pulls
*laughs painfully
Yeaaaaaah about that
I expected Thales M but this Ely T is taking forever to make first
Uh
I did
LMAO
I'm not at home sadly so you gotta wait for cliffhanger for another 20 hours lmao
At least the weapon is the right element
Mom: we have Mobius at home
Mobius at home:
Mom, I want Mobius!
Me, sees this:
lmao yeah
Finish your damn boss clear so I could snipe you already
Alright, I'm just kidding
Says the whale with pri
:fischlded:
Can't complete node, too hard for me
will watch later
dunno didnt watch yet
Citrus posted on this event
Oh damn
brb
<@148145559897636865> We should invite cielis and Kithaira here!
I love it!
Hell yeah it is!
I need to invite Kithaira here!
LOL
Oh this is the channel?
wow Dante TM Ely B max pri s2 BKE
Only if you tell me which one is you
Are we in the same abyss bracket? lol
Yes just last Saturday or so
New patch = only a 1/3rd of the EXP that was required before to level up for those not in exalted
Post affixes later and ping
post them lol
sadge life
no affix mats, nothing
I can'ttttt I already ran out of upgrade mats about 2 hours after reset
If asking me
I'm not ok until I've sniped your score
It's too easy to pose a virus link as one of these
Nobody has time to really double check them before clicking as fast as possible
These nitro links are sus
Should be SW
JST TM, 200 pieces of G2 ice, 1800 fuel, 320 purple lens (ow tasks and battle arsenal), one of the earlier priorities you can get, supports all elements and Cat's crystal / purple crown thing extends it
Now if you want, you can record and show the Husk rotation but I'm going to need to step out rn
If I don't come back, ping or DM if you want
True
Yeah save for Griseo SP gear banner
Works but the buff duration is cut down to like actually 8 seconds on the dps since it has a cd + cannot be refreshed
but not worth to pull on foca just for this weapon
Missing weapon really sucks hm
Might want to get JST TM + Newton B for cat. Both fairly high priority anyway
Oh looks great
but I have something I was supposed to get done much earlier rn on my plate and I keep rabbit holing into answering questions
Send a copy to my DMs as well so I don't forget
Hold on hold on hold on
The odds are improved very much
_Especially_ if you don't have them, completing Turg TB is the best possible thing you could be doing with your collector's card

There is no other stig set that is more important than Turg TB. Once you get Turg TB, your life is changed forever. Especially if we get more bosses like Sushang where you will have 1 support that doesn't even fit in with the rest of the team's element that is just there to apply a specific type of trauma - they can be carrying Turg TB (if main dps isn't physical).
just means 2 hours back
Neko, please
What the fuck just happened in chat
None of you are free of sin
nice
I have gained new powers
... Babancope
ah
babancope
<:holothink:963352118855626753>
.. babancope
wtf, how far away are we?
Who doesn't love you?
nice
Nirvana?
wait it's last abyss with aka kek
I am very confused by the timer
u rite
Oh shit
I feel like Phi listens to you a bit more but I can ask too
You want to grab Gresham a guest pass from Phi or should I? <:holothink:963352118855626753>
with some felis dicks
I was actually going to set up the self-ban
LOL
I remembered the ask but also forgot about it kek
Did you still want to get an invite to BluStorm? <:holothink:963352118855626753>
Oh heyyyy
LOL Gresham
bbl clearing dailies
and honestly I really can't digest a new server just yet, and being introduced when I can't hang out is a bit weird, but I'll ask for the invite when I can show up <:holothink:963352118855626753>
If we get into the server, Inukai is going to be the one
Nope, I can't find it
kek ty
I went looking to see if there's another invite somewhere
Wouldn't be an asshole enough to just blow up and leave smh
Well, I don't see any good reasons. If I do, I'll be sure to let you and Phi know first so you'll always see it coming. Let me be clear that currently and predictably, I'm 99% sure I'm permanently BluStorm, but if I'm tied down for whatever reason, that triggers some bad memories from irl kek that maybe I'll tell you about someday. Plus, my future career is going to involve a lot of job hopping so I don't ever want to be afraid of declaring I'll be bouncing
Also, even if it happened, it wouldn't be because I came here, but because I had always planned to armada hop since the very beginning. I would have said it if someone asked, but nobody asked so I never did
The reasoning is I need to get into different communities and get help, feedback, and look at what resources are pinned. It's a natural extension of what I said about my first armada, Blue Terror, being absolutely garbage and I never realized it. Was and still am a young player and haven't explored much. I went to Sols and then BluStorm with the intention to armada hop.

However, since the BluStorm server was a step up from Sol's and was way better than I thought, I ended up getting stuck for a while, but the plan was still existent.
Then jiayou with Idol's Party Infiniti and CafeQuanta + me bringing Butter into the open Lumina server got me to realize that I could get into servers (and not just lurk, but socialize) without using the I'm joining the armada reason. Got into so many servers that I suffer from indigestion. So, there is no more need to armada hop in order to explore, but there is a chance that I'll acquire some built accounts from friends who quit / goes casual in the coming months to armada hop with under a different name. I'll be getting a monster PC sometime soon within 2 months plus maybe my annotation will get faster, so hopefully I could spend less time on my account for the same score / retain <:holothink:963352118855626753> . Or I might spend more time on irl projects kek
That's crazy dalao
Must be reaping experience really fast

Also imo, 2nd to 9th balds has to be much easier than the first initial learning time
Yeah
and then they attract more talents kek
I know
I do think account sharing is a more perfect way to get advice, but I hope this doesn't blow up in your face someday
I mean, if I put my mind to it, I'm confident I'll get up there, but 2 accounts is already killing me
LOL
Can I defect?!!
Holy shit
epitome of share culture
but I still gave Seele Library as an example to a casual af irl friend a while back
it's more common than I thought in many armadas
I mean
and the other thing
Yeah I heard Seele Library twice so far
Imy praising you guys as an up and coming top armada
So I found the source
LOL
<@846910913118601226>
Question
are the rumors I heard about boosting true?
AzRecorder app?
dark souls experience
kek
What if you record yourself and then screenshot the video on PC
Oh no
nice~
LOL
Didn't know that
Wait WTF Shiraishi is the leader of SeeleLibrary?
I'm not in the seele library cord but would like an invite~!
Oh heyyyyy I heard about you guys quite a bit!
Patch 5.7 Week 2 - Week of May 31 to Jun 5
SSS **Jizo, Benares, Hephaestus**
Scores recorded Jun 6
 - Exalted (cutoff 111,215)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 100,639)**


Patch 5.7 Week 1 - Week of May 24 to May 29
SSS **Husk/clock, Kasumi, Rimestar**
Scores recorded May 30
 - Exalted (cutoff 110,421)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 99,104)**
Streamable

Patch 5.6 Week 6 - Week of May 17 to May 22
SSS **Andrius, Assaka, Dxy**
Scores recorded May 23
 - Exalted (cutoff 111,045)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 100,959)**


Patch 5.6 Week 5 - Week of May 10 to May 15
SSS **Tank, Kallen, AKA**
Scores recorded May 16
 - Exalted (cutoff 111,295)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 100,586)**

Patch 5.6 Week 4 - Week of May 3 to May 8
SSS **Otto, Doom, Hephaestus**
Scores recorded May 9
 - Exalted (cutoff 110,501)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 99,829)**; Thx Mr. CoffeeCup


Patch 5.6 Week 3 - Week of Apr 26 to May 1
SSS **Andrius, Benares, Heimdall**
Scores recorded May 2
 - Exalted (cutoff 110,948)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 100,181)**


Patch 5.6 Week 2 - Week of Apr 19 to Apr 24
SSS **Tank (glorious return), Kasumi, Rimestar**
Scores recorded Apr 25
 - Exalted (cutoff 110,496)
 - Masters **(Cutoff 98,932)**
We can look real t100 data to check for Keeby's presence
Oh wait wait
ok thanks keilo for the confirm
Yeah just listen to a few seconds here <>
He never considered himself a real youtuber apparently
Well yeah he was very public about his Keeby After Dark channel <:holothink:963352118855626753>
Which armada <:holothink:963352118855626753>
and I think he's still myriad / t100 but I didn't really check
Yeah exactly
No, he's on discord daily. Just avoids maincord
Keeby doesn't own it but he's very active on there
Well Keeby is in it
and Keeby is very open about posting his stuff on that server
Most people don't know that Keeby's armada, Lumina, has an open server
Everyone on Keeby's armada server basically knows
Smh
Smh
Keilo said it here
What exposed
You told me how he is kek
Ofc
It's Heki
bicc brain
not S rank
Yup, looking forward to it
...
But what is suspicious is there's no fire quantum S rank atm <:holothink:963352118855626753>
We are missing img of every element other than phys...
kek
Thanks but imo I just messed up time management
On other days I just slacc and procrastinate to make the burden less
4 hours in a row is the most I can spend on really baldy bosses
I happen to have the same issue on some days
I focused on abyss first then MA 
but now I realize I might have gotten my priorities wrong - having an ER valk like PE or Mobi / RC is probably much more important lol
    Well, hopefully my new Eden can help...
LOL
Ohhhh
<:holothink:963352118855626753>
No amount of retaining is going to get you back the crystals you spent for a meta team
People argue you should focus on abyss over MA in early Exalted but
and Ex RL is 80 more crystals over A3 iirc
Yeah
faq income by biribiri (for those reading, a friend I trust a lot+ a guest in blustorm) puts down Nirv income as 20 crystals over RL income


kek
Yeah but I still think it's a good place to be if you watch out for its shortcomings
I thought it was 20 xtals extra
I meant to reply to this earlier: no u
Another hour only would have worked out the kinks
I finished getting the rotation into muscle memory about 15 minutes before reset
500 points away from a t100 and SSS Tona was only at 46.8k
I didn't make it
but yeah I think that takes a lot of time to replicate stuff I don't understand
I knew keilo was a neural network all along
I remember hearing about you spending time at FT's
uwu indeed
I need to learn 8 bosses per week
Every boss is new stuff for me atm
I'm very familiar with that but
yeah
Also I am pissed
It takes me an hour to watch a 2 min ref every single time
yup
Houdou (ice) - SSS HR (ana) SSS RC (irene B) SSS HB (wedge) - 786 at 463D [rank 1 at time of video]


Houdou (ice) - SS0 SW SS RC SSS HB (wedge) - 721 at 463D


Houdou (ice) - SS1 SW SSS RC (irene B) SSS HB (wedge) - 776 at 456D


Houdou (ice) - SS1 SW SSS RC (irene B) SSS HB (3* wedge) - 782 at 456D

though SW was up there too <:holothink:963352118855626753>
Yeah
very long though
I would repost the April Huodou (ice) one too if you guys want
(stolen from Karto kek)
etc
Before the various updates with RC
Huodou (counter) - S0 IO S2 AE SSS HB (ppm) (2* selune) - 650 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - SSS PV SSS HB (ppm) S0 IO (2* selune) - 704 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - SSS PV SSS HB (ppm) S1 IO (4* selune) - 728 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - S2 BKE S HS SS SS (darktar + holmes TB/beet M) (4* selune) - 775 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - SS0 BKE S HS SSS SS (darkstar + candy/holmes) (4* selune) - 806 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - SS BKE S HS SSS SS (darkstar + candy/beet MB) (2* selune) - 817 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - SS BKE SS HS SSS SS (darkstar + candy/holmes) (4* selune) - 821 at 442D


Huodou (counter) - SS0 BKE S3 HS (nebs) SSS SS (crusher + candy/beet MB) (4* t0) - 715 at 447D


Huodou (counter) - S1 BKE S1 HS SSS SS (crusher + candy/beet MB) (3* t0) - 681 at 447D


Huodou (counter) - SS IO S AE SSS HB (ppm) (4* selune) - 718 at 447D


Huodou (counter) - SS0 IO SS0 AE SSS HB (ppm) (4* selune) - 722 at 447D


Huodou (counter) - SSS BKE SSS HS SSS SS (darkstar + candy/holmes) (4* selune) - 847 at 453D

Nov 22nd 2021
Nirvana

Huodou (counter) - SS0 BKE S2 HS (nebs) SS SS (crusher + margrave/beet M) (3* t0) - 710 at 441D


Huodou (counter) - SSS IO SSS PV SSS HB (avo M) (klein) - 711 at 441D


Huodou (counter) - SS IO SSS PV SSS HB (ppm) (2* selune) - 749 at 441D


Huodou (counter) - SS0 BKE S0 HS SS SS (crusher + tband T/beet MB) (4* t0) - 801 at 441D


Huodou (counter) - S2 HR S1 AE SSS HB (2* wedge) - 629 at 442D

Oh, and the original thought was that yeah, a single sensei is too prone to failure, no checks on info whatsoever, and nobody who actually actively plays the game can spend so hours just spoonfeeding, plus it makes for bad habits in the long run as a new player grows to need more info the more in the game they are
be back in an hour
This is what I think about information gathering in Honkai and I'm just going to spit it out because I think it might spark a topic

Your own fucking eyes > trusted authorities and what they say, like Keeby or Imy > crowd consensus where you ask the same question to a lot of different people >> which are all much better than anyone not in the meta community i.e. don't randomly listen to world chat or an ingame sensei, #beginner-help in maincord is the absolute rock bottom minimum you can be doing.

The first category of what you see divides into experiments and simple observations. Simple observations can't go wrong but experiments can, so simple observations (screenshots, links, videos, whatever) is the purest form of correct information.

Pros / veterans who actually rank on leaderboards and who've put out good info/thinking before are way ahead of crowd consensus because crowds can just parrot each other without knowing exactly what they're talking about, but the pros still have bias. Some have whale bias where they basically play a different game entirely. Good thing is you can memorize the bias of these names you know over time and account for them, which you can't do for everyone in a crowd.

Last is sampling responses from a lot of people. I liked to ask questions in a lot of different places under different names at different times, but I don't bother with that anymore and just go to a few trusted people nowadays. Searching chat history before you ask a question is a good idea, gets a lot of answers from different people instantly
Yeahhhh
but you can have the spot if you really want it
I have a spot open but I stopped taking in cadets
Actively raised a few and then they quit on me, so
lol
lmao
They turned if off in Idol's Party but it's now a thing in every other server
Just inject that shit
If he wants a fresh steaming hot cappuccino with extra whipped cream, he can summon it right into his blood vessels
the man is his own coffee maker
I admire Welt
Oh hey
~~I'm still reading~~
That is such a great question 
The answer is I have no idea, I've never heard of a single one

However, a very objective method is to record t100 MA every week and find which armadas consistently show up. You're not hunting for an armada nor a whale pod, you're hunting for a meta community that is on EU that happens to be an armada
The sensei system is garbage
Honkai is too complicated for 1 sensei to completely raise a cadet alone

Cadet needs to learn how to get information on their own
I'll see you in exalted then
Ah
I have to beat them now
nice
LOL
Summer =/= special day
what event
I was like
yeah
Right
summer event
ohhhh
Wait WTF
?
pog
versus higher placement
As in these goods
~~Still waiting for kaizo to burn out to take over later~~
should I bald 1 extra second on SS Tona or should I focus on ER?
also keilo
Why
Oh, so that's what H-game means? 
Horrible game?
ty
ok bbl because I have much ER and MA to clear
Friend them first but if you are in honkai official, then you should be able to message them
The best ones are always taken
It's quite like dating
so the more proven to stick around, the better
because new players will quit
aka the only safe way to invest in new members
Yes
I posted a massive amount of details about myself to Phi because I wanted to overwhelm Phi at first sight lol
and also hoyolab if you want
Sup, I want to join, and then post your ingame friend ID
don't leave yet because you could get kicked back kek
but if keilo doesn't vouch for you and you have to pass Phi's rigorous examination...
You can get in easily as keilo's close friend
not sure if it's known here
Just reposting someone in blustorm just posted
The upcoming weather
LOL
thanks but only because you're too humble
I wish I could be like you
If you get kicked, no 12 hour cd lol
Ah
Funny enough, I had an account banned once because I kept moving my phone number around discord accounts

I only have 1 phone number, so...
yeah, it got unbanned a week later, but not phone, be careful not to just use 1 phone number if you have multiple discord accounts to verify
Keilo here brought two accounts into t100 last week
Lies and deceit
they help build a good foundation
There's controversy yes but
Oh, honkai official i.e. maincord to honkai gamers kek

It's a good choice
I went to BluStorm because it was named as one of the top armada on NA

I was a bit crazy about not being screwed by Genshin RNG anymore by pulling at the wrong time so I made this stuff
I uh
I haven't updated this in forever but 

I don't know about Honkai but it's much easier to plan for Genshin
Oh yeah
I see I know more people here than I thought
*blink
I am just another WFP refugee
sup
Qiang probably as in 强 which means strong

Very surprisingly high amount of high level Chinese politicians with this letter in the name lmao
wtf
YO
Whoaaaaaaaa
I couldn't find it earlier in this channdl
What's the source?
Bbl
Does anyone know what banners are in Genshin next patch?
Not enough animal in this crossing for keilo
chibi 🥜
I need that poji dent-in-head emote
Me too
Truly gamer bro lang
But yeah a lot of this is horribly formatted
Oh no, the physical dps part was an obvious translation and totally just my fault for overlooking it like missing part of the background
Seele PSY type Physical Main DPS, with support capabilities 
- High SP Cost, Ult cost 250 Sp in Total, Impairs Enemy Defense by 75%
- Split into 2-part Ult.
Ult 1 is 75 Sp, Ult 2 is 175 (thus 250 Sp)

- Ult 1 spends 75sp to cast an Impair Field/Domain Expansion which immediately gives 50% impair and sends Seele into mode 1. 
Domain / Field part is similar to MPE and Griseo Ults.

Ult 1 either has 16 seconds of impair and 40 seconds of time frac 
or 
starts at a base duration of 16 seconds and can be extended up to 40 seconds while having time frac. Can't tell which is which due to no punctuation.

- Ult 2 sends Seele into mode 2 and has 75% impair. 

- -Crit rate either is increased a lot during the entire ult or only during mode 2. More likely to be latter. Again, no punctuation, unsure.

- When extend impair domain, gain +35sp
yeah
editing past
oh shit i forgot to confirm physical dps part
This is largely correct with very small nuances that need to be added
So, I think you meant the 50 at the end of the message, but if it were SP, then the unit of SP would have been there

The numbers without units seems to just be % of impair, like 50% impair
> Domain Expansion 
Yes, domain expansion lol
> Start of with 50 SP (Usual SP Passive)
I actually don't see this part
Oh
yeah a summary like this is more useful LOL
Removed the clutter
> 新希儿异能物理C
New Seele PSY Physical Main DPS

> 可辅助,有破黑盾能力75脆弱
Can support, has ability to break black shield, 75% impair

> 希儿脆弱16秒!领域脆弱50持续40s时停
Seele impair for duration of 16 seconds! She creates a domain that has 50% impair that either lasts 40 seconds and has time fracture, or has time fracture for 40 seconds (no punctuation, hard to tell).

> 开大是领域脆弱50
> 用完分之75
Ult creates a 50% impair domain. When ult is finished, it goes up to 75% impair.

> 暴击率加成好多
Crit rate will increase by a lot during the ult.

> sp代价有点大
SP cost is a bit high.

> 一波大循环要250sp进入领域脆弱是75
> 然后175,分成两段大
> 开局是初始状态,消耗75SP开出第一段大招,进入形态1,然后消耗175SP可以开出第二段大招,进入形态2触发
The ult comes in 2 parts.
You start the ult at 250sp. 

The 1st part summons the domain of vulnerability infliction, plus it puts you in mode 1 (形态1) and it costs 75sp.

Then, you can burn 175SP to initiate the 2nd stage of the ult / the 2nd ult, which puts you in mode 2 (形态2).

> 领域延长之后就会+35SP
When you extend the domain, you will gain +35sp.

> 进入领域就有50了
> 一段大脆弱不够,领域脆弱只有50
50% impair is granted upon entering the domain
but this 1st stage's impair is not enough, domain impair is only 50%
<@148145559897636865> Remind me a bit about the damage formula terms. This should be impair, right? Vulnerability is more... for elemental damage?
Impair is just reducing the defense portion of the physical resistance formula
while vulnerability is reducing all of an enemy's elemental resistance?
I suppose I should put together a summary and remove my guesstimating
Yeah, see above, this should be everything
> 用完分之75

用完 is finished using. In this context, most likely has a when in front.
(When) finished using

分 
Score or segment
之
and or of

But when I put this section together, I have no clue what it means. Zero ideas.
Unless it means something like when finished using, will have 75 sp remaining. This is pure speculation.
Still no idea what segment might mean. Multi-part ult?

> 暴击率加成好多
Crit rate will increase by a lot 
Very straightforward line.

> sp代价有点大
SP price is a bit high.

> 回能目前抽象,一波大循环要250sp进入领域脆弱是75
I've never seen this sentence  回能目前抽象 before but I am guessing it doesn't mean much, other than a Basically or To sum up.

> 一波大循环要250sp进入领域脆弱是75
> 然后175,分成两段大
> 开局是初始状态,消耗75SP开出第一段大招,进入形态1,然后消耗175SP可以开出第二段大招,进入形态2触发
Okay, I had to read this whole section to understand.

The ult comes in 2 parts.
You start the ult at 250sp. 

The 1st part summons the domain of vulnerability infliction, plus it puts you in mode 1 (形态1) and it costs 75sp.

Then, you can burn 175SP to initiate the 2nd stage of the ult / the 2nd ult, which puts you in mode 2 (形态2).

If I had to speculate, this implies you would benefit from staying in mode 1 for a little bit of time before moving to mode 2.
I would also guess one of the modes is the deer mode.

> 领域延长之后就会+35SP
延长 is extend.
When you extend the domain, you will gain +35sp.

> 进入领域就有50了
Enter the domain and you'll get 50 but I have no idea what the unit for this 50 is. 

> 一段大脆弱不够,领域脆弱只有50
The first part of the vulnerability/impair is not enough, domain vulnerability/impair is only 50 50%, probably. This makes the last line make sense too

Then, backtracking 
> 用完分之75
This probably meant that 75% vulnerability/impair comes with being finished with the ult.
They probably hang around a certain circle that is used to dropping unnecessary bits of the sentence and their friends can infer the missing bits
Ah yeah nah it's the latter possibility

Chronically online person with no grammar
I'll need multiple messages anyway
Ultimate creates a domain that inflicts 50% fragility again, I think these 75s and 50s dropped here with no units has to be percentages to make sense which is probably vulnerability/impair.


I'll release the rest as I finish them
> 新希儿异能物理C
iirc C is Chinese for DPS, as in Main C would be Main DPS. You will never know this unless you've been around Chinese uploaders and posts, like a tier list with 2 columns saying Main C and Supports

异能 in Hi3 is Psychic. See infographic in this article.
<>
So this Seele is psy type. 

New Seele PSY Physical Main DPS

> 可辅助,有破黑盾能力75脆弱
可 is can
辅助 is support
Can support as in the author is intentionally saying support is a side hustle. 

> 有破黑盾能力75脆弱
has ability to break black shield 75 fragile
Black shield is the new shield type, right?
~~That 75 fragile attached at the end with zero punctuation throws me for a loop. This is internet grammar, like a honkai acronym that some insider needs to explain to you before you understand the shortening. No idea what that is. Could be saying she's glass cannon, not sure.~~ I think this is most likely 75% or 75 seconds, and 75 seconds doesn't make sense. It's too perfect a number to not be 75%.
Most likely reduction in defense i.e. impair, which we see with Senti as well.
Not sure why this is said in regards to the shield. Maybe -75% toughness.

> 希儿脆弱16秒!领域脆弱50持续40s时停
Seele vulnerability/impair infliction, probably 16 seconds! Domain vulnerability infliction 50 no idea what 50 means for a duration of 40s time stop probably time fracture, unsure what slang for time fract is over there. Not sure if it's impair for 40s, also has TF, or TF for 40 seconds. No comma there.

> 开大是领域脆弱50

> Open up the field
> Opening up
lol google translate was tripping over this 
开大 is short for 开大招, which is using the ultimate skill especially in League lingo.
开 is open, but in this case it's like saying popping an ult - it doesnt really make sense because skills dont get popped, but the idea is just an explosive release.
Zero punctuation
No it's scuffed Chinese
Holy shit a 13 year old or someone chronically online wrote this
1 sec
I'm cooking a better translation
Wow those banner leaks from ages ago were really on point
could be a quick edit
why is a herrscher coming
How does this fucking make any sense
Wait that makes so much sense 
1. Immortal
2. Forgets everything every 10k years

Going from bird to lizard though...
I guess she could be dino
He'll be fresh and fixed by next morning
Dislocate his spine
Blade can be pounded as hard and unsafely as you want
He wouldn't even die from erotic asphyxiation
Imagine all the necroplay you would do with Blade
I forgot to prepare a birthday present for you so... Here...
*Puts present ribbon on self
Firefly
萤
Lumine
Jk Lumine is 荧
Fuck Fire Abundance
Yesss Hunt
Oh sheeeeesh
I did see dan heng model that time too <:holothink:963352118855626753>
Except backgrounds are more flushed out?...
This looks exactly like what was leaked before
in common
It's just the 7 swords look
I also dont think Jingliu and Shenhe have much in common
Oh lmao why did Otto have a coffin

Dont spoil nvm
I should prooooobably check out 7swords sometime
There's FD and Kiana vs HoS
Not just Nihility style illusions only
I agree mostly except Fenghuang Down was a multi-purpose computer
Preservation ok too
Though old Hua suits did do dps, Destruction doesn't really fit <:paimonthink:1077568911056326706>  and we just discussed Hunt
because ccp appeal
Betting more on Harmony
Nihility Harmony makes the most sense
But hm yeah
Hua should be Hunt as the most blessed of Aeon Lan
Sounds like Hua alright
And found this
Also I tried looking for Fire Abundance in this channel to track down my prev post
Future Hua marastruck plot? <:think:773947134763335700>
Why would Hua be Abundance, the path of Lan's enemies?
Now that thought about this, this is so weird
So much rng I love it
I guess it makes sense
QQ as Qua dps with SW
Qingque and Asta!?
Herta space station and Jarilo got introduction shots
Damn I'm still disappointed that Luofu didnt get an introduction shot and they just said Whoaaa
It's not a big deal
They could just copy and paste some stuff and say it's a new planet and call it a day
The point isnt the exploration like Genshin so they dont have the budget like Genshin
I mean I get it
Mass produced background sets
It's just background for the real action
Xianzhou Luofu's introduction didn't even have a whole-ship bodyshot
and the streets and NPCs are so generic 

All the locations have been so dogshit garbage that they might as well just not bother with the locations
Sushang with her chicken be jealous
lmao hoyo will get copyright struck
Ikr
Ik it's stating the obvious
Just for the record, 3rdguide is Moonlight but it appears they just fucked off on ref compilation for it recently
I haven't gone deeper into WeChat for Honk
3rdguide the website barely gets maintained
Where's their activities at?
Then why are they so dead now
But I totally agree that she should have been German
and now it's a bit too late for new Mondstadt characters since they would have been known in the community + other regions need more attention
She would have been out years ago and the sudden Seele would have been a little disruptive to Genshin forming its own identity
Too early in the game I meant
it would be belobog all over again
Snezhnaya, though...
and that's too early
but if German then she'll be in Mondstadt
lmfao ikr
sniff is a little too forced
First looks good
...which game
I blame the directors for the VAs
I'm sure they did their best
Not disrespect meant to the VAs
It was like watching the Crown <> but the British royal family uses Black English
Holy shit
The animation's English dub was so god damn jarring
because
good
Ok so I don't know her
whoa
ty
Didnt see this here already:
What changed? Learning about SW?
1. short blue hair 
2. covering one eye
3. doesn't wear pants
Fontaine designs lol
Internal file names
Warrior = Destruction
Rogue =  Hunt
Mage = Erudition
Shaman =  Harmony
Warlock = Nihility
Knight = Preservation
Priest =  Abundance

<>
He's going to step on you
Combined with the mask and the unexplained energy he harnesses, he might as well be one of the Sky People
It was strongly implied that Kalpas is an alien
keilo's brain is Galaxy-type
Great lore tracking
I just still can't believe it's real
This was found in the game files
TencentDimePiece has been digging around game files to extract data to make guides like this guide, which tells you exactly how much ASMs and mind stones you need to save for an ELF

@.@
Susannah
...
Who would the ice sp replace?
POV: New skin for Ely just released
lol kek
Don't SP valks have to be out of world?
I mean, could be only a story playable
What a time for me to choose to peek into this channel
So appreciate it
This link made it through a **lot** of blustorm drama in the supply chain to make it to you
This guy tags every post with these tags
Also AMD cpu, right?
You're not getting an Nvidia card, are you?
<@148145559897636865> Oshi no ko new chap out
Hospital named Favonius Church next
<a:Chatting:1008016148907950153>
Some people misunderstood Schicksal as Mandate of Heaven connected to Heavenly Principles due to the Chinese name
And suddenly Honey became Khaenriah


Remember when Honey Impact got sued by Schicksal? <:worry:1090806525313957908>
And the dev subsidiary company for Tears of Themis is called Schicksal
Actually the oldest example should be that the publisher for Genshin and Star Rail and ZZZ (inside China afaik) is a subsidiary company called mihoyo Phantom Iron
I mean this isn't new for hoyo 

They donated a school called Flamescion 

Anti Entropy is Chinese 
That's why Dawei is getting an award from the ccp in the video for contributing to the development of the metaverse
And they're working on Nervegear 💀
Blue Box new chap??
Oh
Hm?
Chunni done seriously and badly... I could only name web novel names that you guys don't know
The Beginning of the End and Author's POV
But she is more like I'm cosplaying chunni than really believing it, sure
She also has extremely long edgy chants
and then Kazuma steals the eye patch the next frame and nothing happened
Megumin claims to contain a dark evil god in her right hand and cover up her left eye because it would be too powerful were it to be unleashed upon the world
that's her whole character design
wdym
Ok well, I would say Tokyo Ghoul counts but it's legitimately edgy rather than superficial which is what chunni is
Chunni done seriously:...
Chunni done for comedy: Fischl and Megumin
it's the difference between chunni done for comedy and chunni done seriously
Yeah...
She didn't need to contribute to revenge in order to shine and become confident, mature
That's her central struggle
I really wanted to see Ruby struggle to go from afraid of walking to being a full on dancing idol
It's just a possibility
It's not fixable now. Something should have been done earlier
Then Aka would have to deal with how it's always Akane in the spotlight and Ruby never did anything 
which then erases the entire reason he wrote Ruby if we were to end the story soon like this
Ruby can probably pretend to be Ai well enough
though I still don't think she has the psychological insights that Akane has
Ruby watched Ai for thousands of hours, for one
I could have just repeated that it's the most predictable move
It's the most balanced and protects characters more equally (protects Ruby)
which is not the most exciting
It's not a weird move. It's the _safest_ move
figuring out what it was about and then moving accordingly
Akane was the highlight of the audition for me
It's not Ruby's fault but Aka's fault
Ruby
- Has never been proactive at all, contributed to zero plot progression
- doesn't have meaningful tension. If Akane took the part, then there's very nuanced romantic tension and both the choice of forgiving or not forgiving has deep implications
- had to be literally caught up via deus ex machina with a raven goddess descending to tell her what Aqua and Akane had to work for
I didn't catch that part, but could be
That was the most disappointingly straightforward chapter ever
It's just as we expected
Well
Moving here then
I'll join in a few hours
Second guy looks like he's way older with less body fat percentage
Oh LOL nice
Oh I see, probably dealing with screenplay
Send invite to Oshi
Aka is probably just having a massive headache over what to do about Akane
...
Eh? I can't see it
I never got around to popping in but here I am
So, I was told there's a manga discussion circle that gathers here in this chat
<@148145559897636865> Ping me when today's chapter of Oshi no Ko releases
Pulling out all the stops


Lmao what
Ah
Link?
whoaaaa congrats!
yeah
Well, privated afaik
asking here since this server is a WFP offshoot
<@148145559897636865> How is this going for WFP?

Noo, my innocent eyes
yes nya?
This is the guy that made me actually spend a weekend spreadsheeting the amount of crystals that come from main story just to prove him wrong in Jan
Velvet huh
nice
not account name
I mean I assume that's just a nickname
I want to go read up the context and see if I recognize the name
What server is this?
Wait, what?
WTF
LOL yeah
make them fear the lightning symbol
so piloting like Kyoshiro does is ideal
he doesn't want to grind another account
I feel like
but cant find it rn
Pretty sure he said something like I dream of playing on a server that is not slacc
I am actually shocked he posted again this cycle and came to check if you saw it
Well, yeah, like keilo said... maybe one of us should gib fragile our account to let him make refs for us lol
The brutal version of the manga written by Tokyo Ghoul's author, Dickhead
Don't worry, the casuals don't know what I'm talking about
Wow
I just share videos smh
no, I don't need it
and yeah we're still here
<@447218009749061632> 
They're in a lot of servers
No?
Does chy work here or something?
I'm very confused
no
Chainsaw Man ate redacted
The 4 horsemen but we don't mention the redacted one
Chy was like Where are the mods? as a mod when Riku was posting
esp when Riku was posting nsfw in general
I did once or twice in Sols though
I don't let myself go in Blu
Wait, really?
Who? Where are my comrades?
Odd way of spelling Solstice
I try not to show it in public
Horni, crazy, and nerdy is not choice, but a way of life
lmao yeah bots mess up my searches in Lumina so much that I blocked mudae or whatever
and also the gayness increased bot because another server, not Sols, kept allowing it to ping whoever leveled up in a separate channel so it was annoying as hell
After doing OW tasks for so long, I endorse doing tasks in Samsara because they let you bring your own valks and you can teleport on top of the tasks. Definitely faster than APHO clearing.

Aponia is actually broken in Samsara. I probably spend 33% of the amount of time on tasks as I was spending on APHO2 tasks.
I forgot 1 more thing
Oh, oh right
o
We should swap places
You don't have enough AE Imaginons and Phase shifters for next patch
Anyways yeah, I just reset until I get 2 sp valk tasks and then pick whatever, delete the bad tasks for the remaining 3 tasks
I've been getting 4 SP valk tasks per cycle in the past 2 weeks
ch31-ex too but that's nostalgic
Fuck whoever thought Pokemon event needed to consume stamina
> players with story to clear 
Oh wait, that's me
Yup, it only matters to players with story to clear and multiple open worlds
I had to stop to bald MA instead and then haven't gotten back to it
This is what the sheet looks like now
<>
<>
This was the copy from a week ago
<>
However, personally and just personally, I've been working on the income rates of each currency and have been working on balancing them so I could make it in time to max triple pri arms next patch
Therefore, Battle Arsenal and Open World tasks have a tied economy. Roughly, crystals > SC metals > SP valk frags> AE Imaginons > Phase Shifters > Purple lens
Here is my pile of data about Open World tasks, but it specializes more in less than AR30 tasks: <>
As for AR30 tasks... data is so cheap to produce, just gain experience yourself.

I used to think I should min-max rewards per stamina and so I made this
<>

Close friend of mine, Sang#2101, made this for themselves. It's a better version but way harder to use. The upper left cell is amount of rewards, the upper right cell is stamina cost.
The amount of rewards is multiplied by the multiplier in the gold pins column and then divided by stamina cost.
The more green a cell is, the more worth it it's supposed to be.
<>

However, this got completely overturned by biribiri
#3681's argument made in BluStorm. 
The argument is that Stamina is overabundant in the late game and a little less or more makes absolutely negligible difference. Therefore, the denominator or x axis should be amount of Asterite value / gold pins instead.
This kind of threw me for a loop because I realized this is the right way to think about OW tasks: in terms of opportunity cost, and the opportunity cost of a tad of Stamina is real low - just slightly faster exped farming rate for outdated valks or a drop more of NCCs. You should really be looking at what materials you need urgently and ranking them by how painful the alternative method is.

I'm not too sure if this is supposed to be a related sheet but I don't use it.
<>
<>
Tangential inspiration for thought process: I read about optimal stopping problems and it stuck in my head ever since.
<>
<>
Also would highly recommend 1st chapter of this book <>

In the original secretary problem, the scenario is if you have 100 interviewees for a secretary position and the rules are: after interviewing them, you can hire them immediately or let them go. If you let them go, they will never come back. You don't know how the job market is.
Therefore, you have to compare new options versus options you've interviewed and make choices on the spot.
The idea is after interviewing a set % of the crowd, pick the first one that is better than all the existing interviewees. Therefore, you sacrifice the first N% to serve as data and then pick the best out of the remaining pile.

**The really fun part is applying the thought process to boyfriends and girlfriends**. How do you know when to settle down and marry the best option so far? You probably should not marry your very first love - you have no idea what the options are.

A proposed way of finding the % is the 1 / e or 1 divided by 2.718, coming out to 37%. I actually don't know what the proof is but apparently this gives you the best chance of finding your true love and staying with them: 25%.

The x axis could be number of applicants or amount of time.

However, because you already know exactly how good Adventure Tasks will be (2 sp valk frags / 4 AE Imaginons, 5 if lucky... then tasks like 1 phase shifter, 2 purple lens, etc)... you can just sacrifice a set amount to get a good task without worrying about imperfect information. I use half for the 1st 2.
I also use this to look at coin value of NCCs from Samsara tasks <>
Context!!

<@218762069338619906> You can **only refund the last 3** Adventure tasks that you choose. So the top 2 in the task board can't be refunded.

This means that the ideal way of getting tasks is to spend half or more of the 15 resets getting good tasks, then the 3rd task can be whatever. Then, go back to cancel the worst task out of the 3rd to 5th.

You get **1 task cancel per day**. Make sure to use it.
Effectively, you have 17 resets per cycle, not 15, with 18 resets during Mon to Weds.

The Open World cycles are Monday-Tuesday-Wednesday, Thursday-Friday, Saturday-Sunday.
**M -> W is the longest cycle**, which means you can afford to cancel the most.
Since it's the longest, you should also do pri raid / dkey raid during M -> W.

However, you **can actually do the tasks 1 cycle late**. If you leave Mon -> Wed tasks undone until Thursday, then you can do 5 tasks and then immediately pick another 5 and do them as well at the same time.
The benefits of this is you can borrow another cycle's cancels and even out your luck more between cycles. Law of large numbers, more resets means less extremely bad luck.
The drawback to this is that the BP mission for OW task completion is locked to their original cycles. So you will miss OW BP mission for the Mond to Weds task cycle if you leave the Adventure Tasks until Thurs to Fri to do, which leads to less energy generation and less BP progress. However, I personally think it's worth it.
What you **have to make sure, however** is to finish your 15 tasks per week for red reson by weekly reset. Don't save your tasks until the next week.
unless you are committed to skipping 1 week's 240 red reson in order to get a modified weekly cycle where you can finish a megaton of saved up tasks on a Wedsnesday instead of a weekend. Save Sat to Sun, do 10 on Weds before reset, then do another 10 after reset, so all OW tasks are done within 20 min but your stam storage will get fucked up
<@964806731471405086> HAPPY BIRTHDAY
not bad not bad
all good now
HoS adv recently ig
I can go power nap then
alright
o
but it should still work with the actual run
so I actually didnt see the specs demo @.@
<@781539392039682058> I said this verbally but here also: I'm getting 1 frame every 5 seconds lol
good luck with wolf shield regen
oh god
In abyss like wolf, AE ults every rotation _and_ also is tight on sp
mimi whale, probably have more than 1 set of Margrave
I didn't see a whole lot of refs with this circumstance
verify with keilo too
I guess I'm going offline
...
and I'll join
somewhere
You can start
Turg 
18% team TDM
Deals 57% more ele dmg - not sure if debuff or buff - for 6 seconds and extended by 2s up to 12s every time the host attacks
PPM being really short, used for maybe only mobi ult starter 
     Enemies take 15% more total damage (for 4s)

Irene
30% ele damage
10% lightning damage
15% more ele damage taken
All 3 at least 18s

Something like that
For some reason, I remembered this as more elemental damage taken debuff, not this deal more All Elemental DMG wording

I don't really know what this language refers to
I'm back to say pretty much the same thing. If turg, it's kind of hard for FR to extend the turg buff 

I suppose you can make sure you evade before leaving FR to get an extra 2 seconds
I'll go look at the states of irene brb
well shit
...
I'm just like
Since you're so close
Saving for sushang huh...
if you want to stream
Alright I can watch for a bit
how far until SS2?
SS1
What rank of FR?
Do you want to vc or something?
What team?
but it wasn't too bad
I just had to pin down the SP generation 
Added 2 mixed paints and needed to hit every cflare aimed shot
Nevermind, it was only 30 min more
Now I need to bald hitting every single cflare shot against a moving wolf
You really just made me spend 3 more hours on abyss today
<@447218009749061632>
Will ping you when I'm done
and try to do a real run
I'll uh stop doing that
I'm just going to say straightup that rn my score is actually 618 but I am fucking around with this SK ref from mimi
I'll try to do that
if you want me to finalize asap
hmm alright
ahem I should have left a nonzero score there but
I'll prob leave bot node uncleared for a while
I was going to test out that fossil SK ref lmao
Oh shit, I forgot
hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Well shit I actually need to bald this maybe...
if I don't promote, I mess up my plans for the next 2 weeks
I need this promote badly
Well save #2 spot for me
yup
Stop flexing your Mobius with Basilisk over meeeee
...
I just realized <@447218009749061632> is in my bracket
meanwhile, my phase shifter economy is far more wrecked
I realized at the current rate, I actually will end up with 377 more AE Imaginons i.e. 2 more cubes than I will need even if don't get a single more AE Imaginon from OW
I actually realized I'm in the same boat
Yes, I can confirm it was 264
but in the short term, it doesn't really help me so I'll skip it for now and focus on some calcs for next patch's econ and then clear events
I should go fix the spirit jade cost tabs in this sheet <>
yup
Or... the 3rd option
I'm just curious. What happens if we salvage 40 AE Imaginons and salvage 27 phase shifters?
You could use your 400 Spirit Jade from raid (tact train/dkey) like this:
200 on honkai shards
160 on mind stones
40 remaining on 3 phase shifters
and then disregard the remaining 27 phase shifters

So this begs the question if 27 phase shifters (maxing out 1 weapon or stig costs 23 btw) is worth 40 AE Imaginons (1 weapon needs 450 AE)
The problem with this thinking is that Phase Shifters are the lowest priority
Honkai Cube costs 150 AE Imaginon and, here, only costs 300 Jade - so if you buy jade and use that jade to get honkai shards, you save 110 AE Imaginons + get 20 Jade on top
Basically you're supposed to buy the 320 Spirit Jades for 40 AE Imaginons regardless
<@148145559897636865>
I like it
Whoa lol
Memorial Swords to match Shattered Swords? <:holothink:963352118855626753>
anyways got it
or something
Sushang: Memorial Blade of Shenzhou
oh
priorities
reee
Chinese to put into my notes so I could call it something
I just need the
well
11 hours ago
look
I thought 6.1 has already started on CN
It's just sushang wtf
That has to be out already, right?
What's the name for Sushang's stigs?
LOL
Oh wait
O
Gimme an up to date name too!
Learning how to walk like a discord kitten from Phi
Learning how to talk like a discord kitten from Ruby
and in case you guys missed the news yesterday
I'll bookmark ty
No theme challenge kek
Patch 5.9 Week 5 Cycle 2 NA - Sept 12th to 14th - Last abyss of the patch~
Exalted: Otto (Phys Up)  Bottom Node: Ice Up, Bio Enemies
         RL:   410D (+2D)
         Nirv: 458D (+2D)
Masters: Saha Assaka (Phys Up)
         RL:  279D (+0D) 
         
Scores recorded 9-17
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,605)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 9-14
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,800) 
<>
oh
Are there Herrscher Ely emotes yet?
anyways uh
What's happening
Wow! Bosses with Carole instead of Griseo coming back! lol
Patch 5.9 Week 5 Cycle 1 NA - Sept 9th to 11th
Exalted: Hellmaru (Ice Up) 
         RL:   408D (+2D)
         Nirv: 456D (+2D)
Masters: Hellmaru (Ice Up)
         RL:   279D (+0D) - There were no changes in temperature?? This is pretty rare. D finally settled, huh.

Scores recorded 9-12
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,725)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 9-12
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,828) 
<>
Patch 5.9 Week 4 Cycle 2 NA - Sept 5th to 7th
Exalted: Bright Knight: Excelsis (Lightning Up)
         RL:   406D (-1D)
         Nirv: 454D (-2D)
Masters: Hephaestus (Lightning Up)
         RL:   279D (+1D) - The 1st increase instead of decrease in D since a decline in D started on July 30th '22!

Scores recorded...
I forgot to do this on time this week, gomenasorry - Exalted (cutoff 21,700)

Scores recorded 9-7
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,821) 
<>
<:BronyaKing:646539680979877888>
WOOOO
Moment of anticipation...
Booting up game slowly....
I'm checking if I promoted or not now
This is what I did
Why is my bracket so difficult
O
<:BronyaKing:646539680979877888>
Patch 5.9 Week 4 Cycle 1 NA - Sept 2nd to Sept 4th
Exalted: Homu Magician (Bloodthirsty)
         RL:   407D (-2D)
         Nirv: 456D (-2D)
Masters: Hellmaru (Ice Up)
         RL:   278D (-1D)

Scores recorded 9-4
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,611)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 9-4
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,829) - Thanks a lot, Hydromass, for recording this!
<>
Patch 5.9 Week 3 Cycle 2 NA - Aug 29th to Aug 31st
Exalted: ~~Hitcount~~ Paralyze Husk (Type+) (bugged)
         RL:   409D
         Nirv: 458D (+2D)
Masters: Heimdall (Fire Up)
         RL:   279D (-2D)
         
Scores recorded 9-4
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,553)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 9-4
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,832) 
<>
Patch 5.9 Week 3 Cycle 1 NA - Aug 26th to Aug 28th
Exalted: Opaque Shadow, Quantum Whale (Qua Up) 
         RL:   407D (+2D)
         Nirv: 456D (+2D)
Masters: Tonatiuh (Phys Up)
         RL:   281D (-3D)
         
Scores recorded 8-28
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,730)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 8-28
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,767) 
<>
Patch 5.9 Week 2 Cycle 2 NA - Aug 22nd to Aug 24th
Exalted: MHT-3B, Tank (Fire Up) 
         RL:   405D
         Nirv: 454D (-2D)
Masters: Saha Assaka (Phys Up)
         RL:   284D (-3D)
         

Scores recorded 8-24
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,613)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 8-24
<> - Masters (Cutoff 1,786)
Uhhh Ill figure it out with you when I sit down and play honkai

My first idea is to figure out the names of weathers
My second idea is directly also searching for valks that thrive in the respective weather
Last resort: ask Imy, Schrodinger's Kitten, or Idol's party in general actually Idol should be before bothering Imy and Kami Kitten
whoops
Posted 2 cycles late
Patch 5.9 Week 2 Cycle 1 NA - Aug 19th to Aug 21st
Exalted: Tonatiuh (Quantum Up) 
         RL:   407D (+0D)
         Nirv: 456D (-2D)
Masters: Kumbhakarna (Fire Up)
         RL:   287D (-4D)
         

Scores recorded 8-21
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,531)
<>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                    <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 8-21
<> - Masters (Cutoff 1,783)
Patch 5.9 Week 1 Cycle 2 NA - Aug 15th to Aug 17th
Exalted: FGO (Imaginary Up) 
         RL:   407D (+0D)
         Nirv: 458D (+1D)
Masters: Hephaestus (Lightning Up)
         RL:   291D (-4D)
         

Scores recorded 8-17
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,639) - Thanks to Kaizo for recording
<?>

Leaderboard Builds: 
                <>
                <>

Scores recorded 8-17
<> - Masters (Cutoff 1,770) - Thanks to Hydromass for recording

Patch 5.9 Week 1 Cycle 1 NA - Aug 12th to Aug 14th
Exalted: Couatl (Qua Up) 
         RL:   407D (+2D)
         Nirv: 456D (+1D) 
Masters: Tonatiuh (Physical Up)
         RL:   295D (-5D)
         

Scores recorded 8-14
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,505) - Thanks to Kaizo for recording
<>
Leaderboard Builds: 
                <>
                <>
                
Scores recorded 8-14
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,726) - Thanks to TheWorld for recording
<>
damn it
but I have nobody atm
I really need someone to record Qmani t100
NA
Is anyone here in masters RL?
Whoa the pfp change
Patch 5.8 Week 6 Cycle 2 - Aug 8th to Aug 10th
Exalted: MHT-3B, Tank (Fire Up) 
         RL:   405D
         Nirv: 455D
Masters: Saha Assaka (Physical Up)
         RL:   300D
         

Scores recorded 8-12
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,542)
<>
Leaderboard Builds: <>
                    <>

Scores recorded 8-10
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,685) - Thanks to TheWorld for recording
<>
Patch 5.8 Week 6 Cycle 1 - Aug 5th to Aug 7th
Exalted: Andrius, Wolf (Type Counter) 
         RL:   405D
         Nirv: 453D
Masters: Kumbhakarna (Fire Up)
         RL:   305D
         
Scores recorded 8-10
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,392) - Thanks to Kaizo for recording
<>

Scores recorded 8-7
<> - Masters (Cutoff 1,718) - Thanks to Hydromass for recording

Has anyone else had issues crafting Vill-V's pri arm?
no u not
Surprisingly just about the same as playing on a copium account in RL
~~I've been to nirv before but never retained~~
Kaizo's prediction about 620+ being necessary to retain is shockingly on point
aw
s1/s2 AE?
huh
prob cant match your 662 though <:Childpeepothink:920083702090969118>
then come back to bald this
switching to grind Griseo f50 and wait for ShamelessEnd's ref to upload
I'm doing this copium schedule for this shit
What's the stats on nini again <:pikaThink:990367963444031588>
Gresham
also yeah it's a cheater at # 1
ya
Darius does mixed paint onto not hitting tank <:think:773947134763335700>
wait what the
will watch Darius's real close now though
yeah i watched maybe 6 refs to get some ideas
need to throw hands with them
Kaizo is in Nini/Gresham's bracket atm
no lol this is kaizo's account
and is where i took the snap from 

ah yeah he does go straight for mixed
I do QTE next time then
but yeah if so many refs do QTE
I thought quick snap gets me into doing damage quicker
ididnt know this stage traittttt
but
might have failed
I tried to evade for more sp
oh shit
ah yeah it missed no feather gain anyway
also no s2+ ae so I can't revive strat
<@370438895965306882> Would you like to give me some feedback?

yup
yeah if on hit
ah
hm
white paint has more sp but is a bit slower though
oh you cant 1 rot p1 either
cool cool
not just you but the refs
why people have HFS QTE on?
why black paint start instead of white paint
actually what do you think about Iriya starting with a HFS snap and switch off?
brb
aight I'm starting to settle into balding this now
lmao
Is this a duel or a proxy war
<@385655541248163840> <@370438895965306882> Who is on the nini account in Nirvana?
meanwhile
oh shit I want to get into this novel / manga / anime talk after patch mt starts
Only meant to sleep 3
But I overslept thru alarms
Yeah
Lol
Reading the effects of all the signets, and being able to search for specific effects I needed like ult cd reduction, finally got me out of that hole
I realized I never got any better at ER following those guides for months
I just happened to see this in pins again and
Descriptions of All Signets and Sigils, Skills
<> by TencentDimePiece
<> by Honkai Wiki Editors e.g. Haka, Luovako, Cold Bot
I'll figure it out someday lol
Would do
but if someone's willing to record for me for the other servers
NA only
Patch 5.8 Week 5 Cycle 2 - Aug 1st to Aug 3rd
Exalted: Nihilus Husk, Hitcount ver. (Lightning Up) 
         RL:   405D
         Nirv: 452D
Masters: Hephaestus (Lightning Up)
         RL:   310D
Scores recorded 8-2
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,680) - Thanks to Kaizo for recording
<>
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,701) - Thanks to TheWorld for recording
<>
Patch 5.8 Week 5 Cycle 1 - Jul 29th to 31th
Exalted: MPE Elysia (Ice Up) 
         RL:   406D
         Nirv: 453D
Masters: Tonatiuh (Physical Up) 
         RL:   315D
Scores recorded 7-31
 - Exalted (cutoff 21,597) 
<>
 - Masters (Cutoff 1,638) - Thanks to TheWorld for recording
<>
T.T
Cant fix score atm ;-;
Meanwhile I...
Lol nice
Nani
thank you
awwwwwwww
o
But this is the earliest I've ever finished MA, yay
@.@
but I do intend to frequent this server
but then I just end up losing the habits of visiting
Honestly I have a major problem where I keep trying to move around my discord icons to make myself visit the servers in a more organized fashion
I'm just rushing through weekly stuff so I could rush events which I barely touched
kk
So we just post the results of our bald?
Whoa there's 2 channels for <@148145559897636865>
Whoa there's a whole channel for <@148145559897636865>
